two guys walk into a bar . the third guy ducks . 
why was the musician arrested ? he got in treble . 
he was a real gentlemen and always opened the fridge door for me 
what do you call a barbarian you can't see ? an invisigoth . 
what do you call a potato in space ? spudnik 
how to get a cop's attention 
what happens to a necrophiliac after death ? reserection 
a guy pick up a woman then he puts her down 
which gospel contains jesus parable about the shades of numbers ? math hue . 
ibuprofen is my favorite headache medicine that also sounds like a reggae professor . 
ted cruz getting elected . 
what's al - qaeda's favorite american football team ? the new york jets . 
why were the baker's hands brown ? because he kneaded a poo . 
what do grandparents smell like ? " depends " 
i like my slaves like i like my coffee fair trade . 
wanna hear a pun about long hair ? rapunzel . 
alcohol is like lysol for feelings , it won't kill all of them . 
" update the force , young skywalker " said adobe wan kenobi . 
what do you call a racist dog from animal crossing ? kkk slider 
in china the labels read , " made by someone you know . " 
you could be a " before " model . 
what do you call a frisbee that's more than a friend ? frisbae 
what's the best part of a pregnancy joke ? the delivery . 
what is your best " yo mama " joke ? 
do it tomorrow . you have made enough mistakes for today . 
instead of calling them flyover states we should call them comments section . 
why are hillbilly murders hard to solve because they all share the same dna 
my house is really small until i can't find my phone . 
how do they calculate global warming ? al - gore - ythms 
what happens when turkeys get the common cold ? they quit smoking . 
why did the composer go to the chiropractor ? because he had bach problems 
a sheep , a drum and a snake fall down a cliff badum tss 
you're shoes are untied ! april fools ! got ya ! ! 
what's a snakes favourite dance ? the mamba ! 
why is chapstick so popular ? cause it's the balm baby ! 
what is the best advice to give a worm ? sleep late . 
what does the mayonnaise say to the refrigerator ? shut the door im dressing 
my bank account status is more scary than the conjuring ! 
after the thanksgiving dinner , everyone says - 1 8 
for sale : faulty guitar . no strings attached . 
where do drinks go on vacation ? coaster rica 
what type of school did sherlock holmes go to ? elementary : 
coffee so good it helps a little old lady cross the street . 
what did nazi pilots eat for breakfast ? luftwaffles 
so a blind man walks into a bar he hurts himself pretty badly . 
sometimes i visit websites that have videos of people making love 
ethiopian cuisine ... is a bit bland . it tastes like nothing . 
a guy walks into a bar ... ouch . 
an irishman walks out of a bar ... 
what is a bear's favourite drink ? koka - koala ! 
what do you call kangarooo jump and play hocky ? the fam copter 
what is the internal temperature of a tauntaun ? luke warm 
what idiot called her a hot indian girl and not a bomb bae 
ignorance is not bliss . it's just a fancy word for stupid . 
did you guys know that water can talk ? water you talking about ? 
what's an std's favorite kind of pizza ? heperoni 
yes , life is meaningless , but some of the food is decent . 
" you know what . " - - they . 
i don't like drive - thru's i think it's money out the window . 
why was pregnant cinderella late to the ball ? miscarriage 
* watching dateline * wow this is the worst dating show ever 
where do you find an enlightened mosquito ? in bhuddapest 
how do skeletons reproduce ? they bone . 
letsh have shex ! - horny sean connery 
thankful that five - fingered shoes company doesn't make pants . 
when is a pedofiles favorite part of a hockey game ? before first period 
what do you call a vegetable who has escaped prison ? an escapea 
if you do not say it , they can't repeat it . 
what type of fruit is not allowed to get married ? cantaloupe ... 
heading to chinatown after work ... i heard it's erection day . 
this bank pen tastes like it's been in a lot of other people's mouths 
redditors don't like this deleted 
the best thing about adolescent humor ... is that it never gets old ! 
its macaroni and cheese not macaroni and steve 
the best joke you'll never hear 
s is my favorite letter because it changes biscuit to biscuits . 
what's a con - artists favorite holiday ? scamentine's day . 
my neighbours are loud and obnoxious . now i know how canada feels . 
stealing mosquito repellent ... jacking off ! 
what do you call a small , noisy dog ? a subwoofer . 
september is alzheimer's awareness month ... remind me tomorrow . 
what english king invented the fireplace ? alfred the grate ! 
why does little sally have a limp ? she went to jared ! 
political joke the economy 
what's a lumberjack's favorite director ? timbuuurrrrrrrton 
how does an australian clean is bum ? bidet , mate . 
i feel quite light today . pounds aren't what they used to be . 
never attribute to malice what can be adequately explained by stupidity . 
yo mama ... yo mama is so poor , she can't even pay attention 
why are mountains so funny ? because they are hill - areas 
i have a pen ... . . i have a apple : d 
nothing good has ever gone into a microwave at 3 : 00am . 
what's the name of the best brewer in the world ? bock goodale 
what do you get if you cross bossy with a vampire ? dracowla ! 
what does a sheep in denial say ? nahhhh 
why do melons always have big weddings ? because they can't elope . 
what is the preferred coffee drink of people with alzheimer's ? the iforgotto 
i decided today that i want to have kids i hope they taste good 
if you find yourself in a hole . stop digging . 
i like my chicken how i like my babies deep fried and delicious 
i bet a heroin addict could find a needle in a haystack . 
what did cinderella do when she got to the ball ? gag ... 
what was hitler's last two words ? oy vey ! 
how do you make helen keller cry ? turn the stool upside - down 
my life that's the joke . 
sometimes the smartest thing you can do , is play stupid . 
did u hear about the leper poker game ? everyone threw their hands in 
i want to see other kids . me , parenting . 
they have arrived - hia dei kum 
i voted for jill stein finally i'm part of the 1 
starbucks really isn't that expensive when compared to what victoria's secret charges per cup 
what do you call little kids in belgium ? brusselsprouts 
what did spock find in the enterprise bathroom ? the captain's log . 
what did jay say when adnan opened the trunk ? hae girl hae 
broken pencils ... ... are pointless . 
an apple a day keeps my fruit - picking business trapped in bankruptcy . 
what's a dinosaur's least favorite reindeer ? comet ! d 
what happens when frogs park illegally ? they get toad . 
shout out to my self - aware friends , you know who you are 
communism jokes are not funny unless everyone gets them 
dear religion , pics or it didn't happen . love , science 
ropin and ranchin by larry yett 
my brother told me this today . malayasia flight 404 not found . 
i like my women like i like my coffee ... fill in the blank 
who does the metric cult worship ? ... demetre . 
describe yourself in one word bad at describing myself with one word . 
i don't always tell mom jokes but when i do , she laughs 
impotence : nature's way of saying , " no hard feelings " 
the definition of spin 
jokers of reddit , any good blonde jokes or punch lines out there ? 
how many portuguese people can fit on a scooter ? a brazilian 
now what's on the menu ? me - n - u 
what is jeb bush's campaign slogan ? third time's the charm 
what's green and smells like bacon ? kermit the frog's finger 
my favorite kind of math is adding insult to injury . 
what's better than two roses on your piano ? tulips on your organ . 
how do you disappoint a redditor ? removed 
i'm a terrible singer , i have two left throats 
how do you spot two bffs in prison they finish each other's sentences 
til i'm genetically predisposed to love heroin it's in my blood 
what do you call an iphone 6s that ran out memory space . successful 
what do shakespearian buddhists eat for breakfast ? om and cheese hamlets . 
the donner party diet breakfast : jacks lunch : franks dinner : patties 
how do you double the price of a fiat ? fill the tank 
what do you call a bald porcupine ? pointless ! 
what do you call a dumb elephant ? donald trunk 
why don't prison inmates just use liquid soap ? 
how do two lawyers greet each other ? with a firm handshake . 
what do you call bacteria that can swim fast ? micro phelps . 
what do you use to cut the ocean ? a seasaw 
never date someone that works for your cell phone provider . you're welcome . 
pork is awesome , but it's best when used as a verb . 
the only thing better than sarcasm ... is irony . 
ay girl , is your dad a terrorist cause you re da bomb 
what do you call a dog with short legs and steel balls ? sparky 
don't look out of the window betty people will think it's halloween . 
what do elephants do in the evenings ? watch elevision ! 
what do you call an inspiring jerk session ? a stroke of genius ! 
what job do rabbits at hotels have ? bellhop . 
velcro . what a rip off ! 
i work hard so my dog can have a better life . 
what's a minister's favorite food ? tacos al pastor 
why don't i take my guinea pigs on walksies it's hard on my cavies 
fruit and urinal give a bad name to cakes everywhere . 
what do you call children born of ginger people ? ginger - bred 
imagine me naked . wrong . fatter . 
adhd is add in high definition . 
what is a name for a female lawyer ? sue 
what is bluetooth ? when your toothbrush stops working mid brushing 
i have a split personality no he doesn't 
what do people call their grandmother in india ? naana 
i don't trust stairs they're always up to something ... 
twitter is working worse than a dollar store pregnancy test . 
what's miley cyrus eating for thanksgiving . . twerky ! 
prison counts as a gated community , right ? 
what do you call a dinosaur that raps about life ? a philosorapper 
i like cheese more than i like most people . 
my wife is so moody at christmas , i blame the festive period . 
why do elephants have big flat feet ? to stamp out flaming ducks . 
what kind of cheese is made backwards ? edam . 
what's the difference between iceland and ireland ? a consonant . 
what do toads drink ? croaka - cola ! 
ironically its exactly 12 steps from my car to the liquor store 
this mallard waddled into a bar ... should've ducked . 
bough some shoes from my drug dealer . they were pretty nice 
what is the pope's favorite type of woman ? nun 
the walking dead season finale check back in six months for the punchline . 
can't now . . having an heated argument with my toaster . 
what kind of headphones are sold in 50 shades of grey ? beats 
what do you get when you combine avogadro's number of avocados ? guacamole ! 
what do you call a computer that only plays sad songs ? adele 
why did hitler commit suicide ? because he saw the gas bill thanks nofx 
your mama so fat . . her curve set everyone's grade to a 
he who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame . 
2 words can open up many doors in your life . push and pull 
i just got back from r synesthesia it tasted great ! 
when googling gary oldman i highly suggest not forgetting the " r " 
colonel mustard . in the kitchen . eating soup . calm down . 
money is the root of all evil , until the collection plate comes around 
where did napoleon keep his armies ? in his sleevies . 
what do vegetables watch when they're horny ? corn 
new low : looking in my purse and seeing my tv remote . 
how are babies different from feminists ? babies grow up and stop crying . 
people who try to beat you when walking into a store . no . 
i hate people who think it's cool to take drugs ... like customs officers 
why kind of cigarettes do hawaiians smoke ? mahalo bro lights . 
ate a salad for lunch so basically i didn't eat lunch . 
i only date right handed women ... righty tighty , lefty loosey 
what do you feed a disappearing cat ? evaporated milk 
toilet stolen from police station cops have nothing to go on . 
describing a chair it's like a swing without all the drama 
how much does a corpse weigh ? a skele - ton 
whats long , green , and smells like pork ? kermit's finger . 
top ten reasons why beer is better than religion 
what do you call a herd of masturbating cattle ? beef strokenoff 
why do communists only drink coffee ? because proper tea is theft . 
how do you catch a unique rabbit ? unique up behind it 
i've decided to fight my addiction i'm not posting on reddit until next year 
i am sick and tired of women jokes ! ! period ! 
my weather forecast is always " room temperature . " 
any salad can be a caesar salad if you stab it enough . 
insomnia causes questionable browser history . 
everyone needs a three hour nap after their breakfast pizza , right ? 
how do you make holy water ? boil the hell out of it . 
why did the noodles go to rehab ? to get yakisoba . 
how does darth vader like his toast ? on the dark side . 
what do you call the most successful vasectomist in american history ? american snipper 
i think the only thing a bike helmet protects you from is getting laid 
what did patrick stewart say when he proposed to his wife ? engage . 
animals that lose their tails visit the retail store . 
what do you call a ghost with a broken leg ? hoblin goblin . 
happy greek easter ! which greek god loved to collect animals ? zoos 
in hell , the thermostat is guarded by a bunch of dads . 
whats the secret service of australia called ? m8 
what does a pirate call his idiot son ? a retarrrrrd 
cnn : we're not sure but we'll report it anyway . 
you smell like trash ... . . can i take you out ? 
was gonna go to the gym but then i checked twitter . in 2009 
why couldn't the chameleon change colors ? he had a reptile dysfunction . 
what cell phone company does usain bolt use ? sprint 
in god we trust everyone else must pay cash 
what kind of computer can sing ? a dell . 
what's the key to long lasting relationships ? not breaking up 
i come from a family of failed magicians i have 2 half sisters 
" here's your cup of joe " - joe at the sperm bank 
" i had the worst cruise ever . " - katie holmes 
even reddit goes down more often ... than my girlfriend . 
the thing about boats ... if we don't bow , everyone gets stern . 
urban outfitters : the most expensive way to look poor . 
bet i could breathe more air than you , bro 
what kind of pizzas can tell the future ? medium pizzas 
if looks could kill , i'd still use a baseball bat . 
tried to take a photograph of some fog mist 
if you don't pay your exorcist you get repossessed 
what cars do wolves drive ? auuuuuuuuuuuuudis ! 
south africa 
4 out of 5 dentists agree : kill a lion . 
why are dogs bad at dancing ? they have two left feet 
what do you call rude fungi ? shiit - talking mushrooms 
why do melons have traditional marriages ? because they cantaloupe 
what game do two strangers with social anxiety play ? don't break the ice 
what's the boogeyman's part - time job ? boogeynan ! 
what's white and drips from the cloud ? the coming of the lord . 
what do sea monsters eat for lunch ? fish and ships . 
why do felines always win board games ? because they are cheetahs . 
what did the sardine call the submarine ? a can of people ! 
why does 71 like 68 ? because 68 69 70 . 
it must be monday somewhere . 
tom cruise jokes , anyone ? 
what do you call a nun sleep walking ? a roamin catholic 
how do mathematicians count x - men ? permutations . 
why don't women need a watch ? there's a clock on the stove . 
what do you get when you mix triangles with tumblr ? trigger - nometry 
* sneaks into men's toilets * i hear there's cake in here 
what's the definition of a will ? come on guys it's a dead giveaway 
what is the dumbest animal ? an ignoramoose 
don't let them fool you . squirrels are just rats dressed in armani . 
i'm in a band called missing cat . you've probably seen our posters . 
energizer bunny arrested : charged with battery 
people tell me that i'm condescending that means i talk down to people 
why did the emo kid leave the bar ? it was happy hour . 
tater tots is a much better name than the original crispy potato embryos . 
what type of train gets fat ? a chew chew train ... 
what do dyslexic koreans eat ? gods 
what is red and smells like blue paint ? red paint 
your selfie would be way better if you weren't in it . 
what blood type does a man with bad spelling have ? typo 
if ignorance is bliss then racists must feel like they're always on heroin . 
today i made a mistake while sewing . oops , wrong thread . 
what does fiat stand for ? fix it again tony 
i went to oklahoma recently , it was pretty ok 
why do native americans wear jock straps ? totem pole 
what's hitlers favorite pokemon ? nein - tails . 
make it a great friday by not getting nailed to a cross . 
what kind of doctor fixes broken websites ? a urlologist . 
my niece was fired from the chicken farm today she was caught poaching eggs 
how do like really laid - back types answer the phone ? mellow . 
wanna meet santa's little helper ? 
what do you call a guy who is afraid of santa ? claustrophobic ! 
mary had a little lamb . ... and she was delicious ! 
i don't trust anything that bleeds for five days and doesn't die . 
why did the chicken cross the road ? to get to turkey ! 
why are toblerones triangular prisms to fit in the box 
knock knock . who's there ? bob . bob who ? bob jones . 
i ate everything , including the h . 
how do you start a teddy bear race ? ready teddy go ! 
quitting smoking is really easy ... i've done it like 100 times already 
what kind of robbery is not dangerous ? a safe robbery . 
what do you call a virus that affects the command line ? terminal illness 
my phone got arrested today ... it was charged with battery . 
how do you make a plumber cry ? kill his entire family 
what word becomes shorter when you add two letters ? short . 
what does a sick deception eat ? a bowl of chicken noodle coupe 
why is milk so fast ? because it's pasteurized before you see it ! 
what's scrooge's favourite food ? a humbug'er . 
what does a cuban do when he gets a flat tire ? drowns . 
what beer does sean connery drink ? grols 
if tom brady joined nickelback ... they'd become 30 cents . 
a stormtrooper went golfing today he's still on the first hole . 
i could be subtweeting my cat for all you know . calm down . 
a boycott is just a smaller version of a manbed . 
i think god created marriage so death wouldn't come as such a disappointment . 
. 5 of life is spent with accidental throat bubble kermit voice . 
all things in moderation . unless no one's looking . 
i'm in the middle of hanging myself . the suspense is killing me . 
you hear the joke about the frenzied mob ? it's a riot . 
why did beethoven never answer the doorbell ? they weren't invented yet . 
who plays center forward for the vampire football team ? the ghoulscorer . 
why were the sneakers so sad ? because they had ten issues . 
i weighed myself today , then i ate the scale . 
the difference between in - laws and outlaws ? outlaws are wanted . 
i think the problem is that i'm 20 stud and 80 muffin . 
i have but one question why did curiousity kill the cat ? 
please make sure " to " put your air quotes around the right words 
patron : this bread is stale . waiter : it wasn't last week . 
i bought some vinyl cleaner , just for the record . 
i like my women like i like my programming languages . visual and basic 
what's a toads favourite sweet ? lollihops ! 
he used to be hand solo then he gave leia the d . 
what do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back ? a stick . 
what do you call a psychic who simply doesn't care ? telapathy 
what so you call a religious dinosaur ? a prayeradactyl . 
dude ... i was there , don't try to change the story . 
why does the zoo only have dogs ? because they shot the gorilla 
i call my girlfriend dumbledore . she's a head master . 
a group of guys with ponytails is called a flock of steven seagulls 
during fireworks is the best time to shoot someone . 
what time did sean connery arrive at wimbledon ? * ... tennish ... * 
how much wood would steve winwood win if steve winwood could win wood ? 
if you're reading this . . then you are not floyd mayweather . 
how i reacted to the fine bros controversy ... deleted 
forget hydrogen , you're my number one element . 
read more ant jokes 
why are seals such homebodies ? because clubbing isn't any fun . 
i have one trophy on reddit . dust 
short people are oppressed they're always getting overlooked . 
hey reddit , what are your favorite jokes ? 
who wears the old clothes of angela merkel ? angela merkel . 
" i see people . " - the fifth sense 
if life gives you melons , you might be dyslexic ! 
i'd do anything to never be hungover again except stop drinking 
they're upping my charges from prank bomb to non - arab terrorism . 
why was the snowman smiling ? he saw the snowblower coming 
your mamas so skinny she swallowed a meatball n thought she was pregnant . 
what's brown and sounds like a bell ? dung ! credit to the pythons 
how does a police officer go to the bathroom ? ctrl c 
why was the programmer lonely ? off - by - one error . : 
i disagree , but i respect your right to be stupid . ! 
what kind of dog chases anything red ? a bull dog ! 
ginger ale tastes so much worse outside an airplane . 
why did the lights go out ? because they liked each other . 
why are spiders good swimmers ? they have webbed feet ! 
where does the pervert keep the underwear he steals ? in his briefcase ! 
my attorney likes to earn from my mistakes . 
almost had a threeseom . all i needed was 2 more girls . 
worrying works ! 90 of the things i worry about never happen . 
can feburary march ? no . but april may 
what does the pope use to dry his hands ? papal towels . 
what day do most mothers give birth ? labor day . 
how do rhinos like their eggs ? poached . 
i have so much pubic hair i can start a cattle ranch 
which mafia boss came with all the dlc ? john goty 
if you made a triangle with sticks ... would it be twigonometry ? 
two hillbillies were playing chess . . 
who is never hungry at christmas ? the turkey - he's always stuffed ! 
what's the best city to search the world wide web in ? rome . 
why do we drive on parkways when we park on driveways ? 
women always say they want security ... when i'm around . 
what kind of soap do middle eastern citizens use ? arab spring 
what's green and floats ? a leaf 
i'm a masochist . i downvote myself . 
where is macau located ? in mafarm 
hands down half 6 is my favourite time of day . 
chicks ... ... they only get laid once . 
i'm selling my theremin ... . i haven't touched it in years . 
what type of shoes do artists wear ? sketchers 
i love alfredo sauce . unless you're a dude named alfredo . 
did u guys know u can smoke newports on delta flights 
what's worse than having a cold right before a job interview ? the holocaust 
what separates the men from the boys ? operation yewtree . 
why did newton's wife got pregnant ? because he doesn't believe in using quantum 
how do sheep greet each other at christmas ? a merry christmas to ewe 
count chocula cereal is the perfect combination of breakfast and fear . 
what's the slipperiest country ? greece ! 
what did one dairy cow say to another ? got milk ? 
why don't melons run away to get married ? because they cantaloupe 
what do you call conjoined dolphins dual porpoise 
any subreddits to help you cope with schizophrenia ? asking for a friend 
nothing is fool proof to a sufficiently talented fool . 
what do you call a bearded gardener ? hairy potter 
where was timmy when the bomb fell ? everywhere . 
what does a preverted frog say ? rubbit . 
what is the most affectionate type of chicken ? the tender ones badum tss 
what is the most confusing day in the ghetto ? father's day 
saudi arabia ... ... is on the united nations human rights council . 
it was recently discovered that pluto is not actually a dog . 
ever hear the one about the deaf guy ? neither did he . 
100 of nickelback fans drive drunk . 
i for one ... ... love roman numerals . 
what's big and grey and protects you from the rain ? an umbrellaphant ! 
your momma so fat ... her aides close lanes on the george washington bridge 
" i love my job ! " - job's wife 
i doubt my inferiority complex is as good as everyone else's 
where do you find the best tofu in the entire world ? 
yo mama so stupid it took her 2 hours to watch 60 seconds . 
be alert ! the world needs more lerts . 
did you hear about that kidnapping in texas ? he woke up . 
what do you call a cute homeless girl ? dust bunny 
no , you're not fat , you're just easy to see . 
one day i'll cure deafness ... you hear me ! 
drunk is when you feel sophisticated but can't pronounce it . 
what do you call someone who sneezes doing cocaine ? a snowblower 
what if soy milk is just regular milk ... . introducing itself in spanish 
shadow dancers begin making a mock hanging motion to katy perry's singing 
what's franklin d roosavelt's favorite game show ? deal or new deal 
never tell a joke to plutonium , there reaction is explosive 
what type of car does an african drive ? a sudan 
if you watch the biggest loser backwards it's a story about your mom . 
where does bad light go ? into a prism . 
why was six afraid of seven ? seven is a registered six offender . 
wanna hear a word i just made up ? plagiarism . 
my paper aeroplane won't fly . it's completely stationery . 
what's the best way to capitalize on an opportunity ? on an opportunity 
what happens to a tapeworm after it dies ? it will be interred . 
now that fox news is 18 can we send it to iraq ? 
what do ants drink ? tea . it's an ant tea joke . 
how many dadaists does it take to change a lightbulb ? giraffe . 
what do kids like to eat in the playground ? recess pieces . 
how do jellyfish live without brains they are blond 
what's another word for " thesaurus " ? steven wright joke , iirc . 
what has 142 teeth and holds back the incredible hulk ? my zipper 
how do you call a beautiful feminist ? an oxymoron 
it's all fun and games until you lose your wifi signal . 
what's the male equivolent of a widow ? free 
god creating ants anteater : finally 
pull my upvote 
guns don't kill people . chuck norris kills people . 
what happens when you mix a snowman and a vampire ? frostbite 
can't wait till bin laden slips up and checks - in on foursquare . 
why did the existential nihilist cross the road ? who cares . 
you have the nicest syntax i've ever seen . 
why do rabbits love beer ? because it's made of hops . 
your vehicle has this magical lever that shows which direction you're turning 
what is a baby's favorite fall out boy song ? thanks for the mammaries 
what idiot called it endangered ocean population instead of deficiency ? 
what does a homeless man gets for christmas ? a cold . 
it's hard telling how many kleenex i've fathered . 
according to my neighbor's journal , i have " boundary issues . " 
" bear with me " - a russian bear trainer 
how do you make a space party ? - you planet 
what is the worst type of sand to have in your pants ? sandusky 
batman can safe the world , but clark kent 
why are there no podiatrist generals ? because all they know is de feet 
egyptians don't walk like that . 
why is it called tourist season if we can't shoot them ? 
ain't no sandwich when she's gone . 
what do you get when italians join isis ? baked yazidi 
tequila everyday keeps sobriety away 
you do realize makeup isn't going to fix your stupidity ? 
why is it fun to play with matches ? they're lit . 
life is like photography , we develop from the negatives . 
when one door closes ... an incognito window opens . 
i'm good at turning on . . . electronics 
what do you take before every meal ? a seat . 
what do u call a disadvantage for being east - indian hindi - capped 
this is a test of the emergency alert system i'm out of beer . 
what kind of cheese should richard eat ? ricotta 
i have a joke to tell . can you reddit ? 
i have to say to you something ... something . 
the more complex the handshake , the less complex the individual . 
as if being a surgeon wasn't enough you're a general too ? 
what do you call hitler underwater ? adolfin . 
i over - think , therefore i ruin everything 
what did the unimpressed cheese say ? que ... so ? 
what language do british wrenches speech ? spanish ! 
what type of fruit do twins prefer ? pears . 
game of thrones is why i have trust issues . 
what do you call a pickle sandwich that's a scientist ? dill rye 
what is chuck norris only weakness ? cancer 
why was leia disappointed on her wedding night ? han shot first . 
test post pls ignore i told u to ignore it 
need a justin bieber joke about the fist fight he got into last night 
why is there such a shortage of teachers in africa ? teacher's aides 
i'm dating a supermodel with hemiparesis . she's not half - bad . 
q : why do blondes always drink with straws ? a : practice . 
kids and adults loved it so , the happy world of harambe . neverforget 
never under estimate the value of stretching ... the truth . 
cocaine is never a solution ... unless it's dissolved in water . 
never eat spoiled meat or spoiled eggs 
where does dracula live ? monte cristo 
sorry i got confused grabbed your fist bump like a doorknob . 
what does an ent want ? a bad birch . 
it's been about 3 years since my last drink and i'm still hungover . 
til that i'm never getting prostate cancer 
i put tinder on my kindle it burst into flames 
who won the tour de france in 1940 ? the sixth german panzer division 
why are atoms so serious ? because they're no laughing matter . 
a tragic haiku hipsters panicking need a new pretentious food quinoa's too mainstream 
how do deaf mathematicians communicate ? through sine language . 
what does the license plate of the sheep farmer say ? ewe haul . 
what is smaller than a teeny weenie fly ? a fly's teeny weenie . 
what's every movie critic's favorite cooking ingredient ? michael bay leaves . 
green lantern that name has a nice ring to it 
messi carrying argentina . neymar carrying brazil . british airways carrying england 
what do you call a rough italian neighborhood ? a spaghetto 
what does a pirate say on his eightieth birthday ? aye matey ! 
why do i like sweet potatoes ? cuz they're yammy ! ! ! 
how to avoid clickbait ? clearly , you wouldn't know ... 
what did hitler's cat think of the holocaust ? it was purrfect . 
what's the worst cut of steak ? amazon prime . 
a man walks into a bear ... he is mauled to death . 
all the kids had a name except 
what happened before the big bang ? of course , the big foreplay . 
what dinosaur has the best vocabulary ? the bronthesaurus . 
level of spanish - i understand what's going on by the intonation . 
joke what is a bed's motto 
gaining weight when you are still owing me money is a sign of disrespect 
they say money doesn't grow on trees so what are hedgefunds then ? 
i remember 2016 as if it were a normal year . 
why do pigs have flat snouts ? from running in to trees . 
bruce willis found dead ... . ... . bored with acting 
e mc2 was just einstein comparing himself to other rappers 
your personality finally matches your looks . that's not a compliment . 
why did the trout leave the cult ? they were too sacrifishal 
what did the confused bee say ? to bee or not to bee ! 
what's your favourite food if you hate microsoft word ? tex - mex 
should i bring anything to your party besides pronounced social anxiety and no food 
girls aren't friends with other girls . they are just future enemies . 
my three biggest fears are mouses , wolfs proper pluralization . 
what do you call customers at lidl ? lidl people . 
crocs are suicide notes you can wear . 
i used to do drugs i still do , but i used to too 
50 of mariachi bands end in divorciachi . 
there's been a whole lot of office romance since i became self employed ... 
who is the king of the pencil case ? the ruler 
" i ruined my health by drinking to everyone else's . " 
what's god's favorite guitar chord ? g sus 
me yelling down into a volcano : you shut your stupid earth mouth 
i bet there are muppets that have thought about shanking elmo . 
i'll do your taxes for free if you tell my mom we're dating . 
why did no one like the archer because he was too arrowgant ! 
i decided to play agar . io again ... now i hate my cellf 
let he has never told a bad joke cast the first tomato 
looked up from my phone for a few minutes . wasn't worth it . 
the awkward moment when you think a customer is a salesperson . 
why shouldn't you write with a dull pencil ? it's pointless 
the more vital your research , the less people will understand it . 
chemistry joke maybe bro catches his bro red handed ... bro mine : d 
i'm so introverted i won't even talk to myself . 
what smells better than it taste ? a nose 
where did little timmy go during the bombing ? everywhere 
how many dead baby's does it take to paint a wall ? _ 
what's the name of a computer that turned into a singer a dell . 
what kind of jokes do bad comedians tell their audience ? bad jokes . 
spent most of my early twenties trying to open a pistachio . 
i'm really bad at understanding some common phrases and vice versa . 
this post just says it all ! it all 
how do you know if you're a necrophiliac ? you get mourning wood . 
i like homophobes homophones , i mean homophones ! 
where does a pirate go on vacation ? arrrrrland . 
i wish twitter would add bold or italics or meaning to my life . 
what is carroll shelby's favorite food ? a torque - y sandwich . 
there's a bush and a clinton running for president next year . 
inside jokes are bitterly resented by the homeless . 
why do adrenaline junkies enjoy camping ? because it is in tents 
lifeguards wouldn't let obama in the pool because he had weeping * legions * 
the discovery channel should be on a different channel every day . 
what's gordon ramsay's least favorite movie ? it's frooooooozzzzeeen 
what do you call a bird that has been molested ? rustled crow 
have you ever eaten african food ... neither have they 
what is peyton manning's favorite counting crows song ? omaha 
there was a depressed sausage ... he thought his life was the wurst . 
kristen stewart was raised by a pair of vacuum cleaners 
don't be ashamed of who you are that's your parents job 
pigeons always look like they're jamming out to an invisible ipod . 
what's a homophobe's favorite drink ? fruit punch 
freddie gray's death was a real homie - cide 
why are hula dancers so pretentious ? because their hips stir . 
a comedian walks into a bar full of r historians . . deleted 
lawyers have feelings too . . ... allegedly . 
you mama's so fat 
what is helen keller's favorite color ? corduroy 
turns out chiropractors aren't actually dinosaurs . 
" i better pee first . " - me , before doing anything 
where did sally go when the bomb went off ? everywhere 
this one is about a horse a horse steps in a puddle of mud 
so i beat a russian grand master once . with his own cane . 
what thinks the unthinkable ? an ithe - berg 
cooking with hitler step 1 . turn on the gas 
how to get there by ridya bike 
i just gave my cat some 7up . now he's got 16 lives . 
chemist have an unpopular view on alcohol ... they say it's a solution . 
why do nba players like poultry ? because they love to slam duck ! 
which color confuses an idiot ? blue 
how did the shrimp eat all the fish food ? shellfishly 
what do you called a piano someone pissed in ? a peeano . 
what did one window say to the other window ? i'm in pane 
where does sans live ? sans francisco 
what's the best insult you can tell someone ? 
so many jehovah's witnesses and yet still not a shred of jehovah's evidence . 
we are all part of the ultimate statistic ten out of ten die . 
what happens when the pope dies ? ... . another one popes up . 
my friend firmly believes that he's a solute i think he's diluted 
what nationality is santa claus ? north polish . 
what's another word for a face tattoo ? an everlasting jobstopper . 
warning : joke contains racism racism 
that new vet really screwed up my pig's colonoscopy he's pretty ham - fisted 
half - life 3's release date . 
iron man is a super hero . iron woman is a command . 
sometimes you have to stop tweeting to have an alibi for ignoring texts . 
the number of things that are * not * rocket science is staggering . 
it's a status ... . not your diary ... 
caitlin jenner isn't transgender . she's trans - jenner . 
american public schools . 
how much did the pirate charge for corn ? a buck an ear 
get in on syrian real estate now ! the markets are exploding ! 
what times does the chinaman go to the dentist ? tooth - hurty 
did you take a shower today ? why , is one missing ? 
end a boring conversation by opening an umbrella in their face 
what do women call men who are shorter than 5'7 " ? friends 
did you hear about the stationary store ? it moved . 
curiosity killed the cat ... nasa sincerely apologizes ... 
why did hitler kill himself ? he finally got the gas bill . 
what made tesla successful ? its musk 
girl : what colour are my eyes ? guy : 34c . 
congratulations amy winehouse on three years of sobriety ! 
most suitable joke for reddit deleted 
what do you call twin kittens ? dupli - cats 
how does the moon get a haircut ? eclipse it 
what's a thesaurus's favorite cereal ? synonym toast crunch 
what happens when i find a good joke ? i reddit . 
feed me once shame on you , feed me twice i'm moving in . 
what do you call an old person from portugal ? a portugeeser 
if mankind has learned one thing from human history , i'd be stunned . 
what is a polish person's favorite weapon ? a warsaw ... 
how do i tell a man he loves me ? 
once you've seen one shopping centre ... ... you've seen a mall 
i've just wrecked myself . i wish i'd checked myself beforehand . 
algorithm a former vice president playing the drums 
what does batman use to wash his hair ? conditioner gordon . 
i have a joke about ebola you probably won't get it 
don't invest in skiing companies the whole sport is going down hill fast 
what are the inhabitants of crete called ? cretins ! 
i love you all so much right now because alcohol . 
what did the dinosaur say after the car crash ? i'ms osaurus 
oc alright , here's my new year's resolution ... stop being late 
have you ever had an ethiopian breakfast ? neither have they . 
what is an amputees favorite movie ? armageddon . 
my buddy is awesome at grilling steaks . they are all very well done 
my girlfriend told me to stop listening to oasis i said maybe . . 
what time does a mechanic wake up ? oily ! 
the printer in my office is fondly called bob marley it keeps jamming 
francois hollande . 
how do you test a pirate for crabs ? swab the deck ! 
happy 10th birthday to your dating profile pic . 
what's pharma bro's favorite musical ? rent . 
smart people don't call themselves smart - me included . 
what kind of ghosts haunt operating theatres ? surgical spirits . 
why did the blind kid fail geometry ? he didnt see the point . 
inflatable mattresses are great if you like your bed to slowly eat you . 
how does a chef get to work ? he woks . 
it's not herpes i burned my lip on a hot sausage . 
i'm sick of this condescending parrot making fun of the way i talk . 
what do isis want for christmas ? turkey , apparently . 
can't believe sting isn't the lead singer of the scorpions 
why is the peanut crying ? because he couldn't handle his roast 
keep away from professional dermatologists . . they make rash decisions 
what would bill cosby's name be if he was russian ? vladimir puddin 
the relationship stages - : * : 
a funny joke my life ... 
why did the dolphin feel crabby ? because he ate too many crabs ! 
a blind person walks in to a bar . 
what animal is endangered by tooth decay ? molar bears ! 
what would you call a very funny mountain ? hill arious ! 
hahaha this stupid baby on the bus thinks they can cry louder than me 
i invented a new joke today ! plagiarism ! 
friends don't force friends to watch funny youtube videos . 
how can i ever be happy ... if i was born crying ? 
i've never been one for nazi jokes ... i've been nein for them . 
the m in mtv now stands for miscellaneous . 
so i guess these brazillian jokes aren't happening neymar ? 
what do vegetarian zombies want ? graaaaiiiiinss ! 
pinot ? i hardly noir . 
what's another name for the periodic table of elements ? the atoms family . 
never drink and derive you'll integrate something you don't need . 
oc what do you call a suicidal mathematician smoking weed ? hypotenuse 
so a seal walks into a club . the end . 
what did russians used to light their houses with before candles ? electricity . 
you can only push me so far before i breakdance . 
my book club evolved into a fight club so gradually i almost didn't notice 
what are french journalists good at catching ? bullets . 
what is a computer virus ? a terminal illness . 
what happens if you steal in afghanistan ? you get talibanned 
don't save a spot for someone who won't make an effort to stay . 
how does moses make his tea ? hebrews it . 
only dead fish go with the flow . 
how do you insult a hamburger patty ? call it a meatball ! 
i screamed a brazilian times during that waxing . 
they've just released a female version of viagra . it's called niagara . 
why do gods eat swiss cheese ? because its holy 
i'm living on the edge . i haven't backed up in weeks 
what is 6 . 9 ? a good time ruined by a period . 
what is ceasar's slogan for his advertising company ? ceasar sell ads 
if two vegetarians are arguing is it considered a beef ? 
swallow it dammit , it's good for you your pride 
why was simba's dad killed by the pride ? because he didn't mufasa . 
does anybody want this last piece of rain forest ? 
how come oysters never donate to charity ? they are all shellfish . 
santa's lap isn't the only place wishes come true . 
why did the scarecrow win an award ? he was outstanding in his field 
how can i smile when 28 of americans aren't getting enough fiber ? 
bathroom mirrors are either the luckiest or the unluckiest objects in the house . 
be the reason they create new laws . 
i like the sound of you not talking . 
macho law prohibits me from admitting i'm wrong . 
why did at amp t have the worst wedding ? no reception . 
they say you are what you eat ... that's why i'm a good person 
have you ever eat a clock ? its very time consuming . 
why is a hemiola unfair ? because it's three against two . 
why is nixon a bad chef ? because he is not a cook . 
how do you save a drowning mouse ? use mouse to mouse resuscitation ! 
what's worse than nine eleven ? 311 
why did microsoft go straight to windows 10 ? because 7 8 9 
say no to shampoo . demand real poo . 
my favorite kardashian is the one who dies first . 
what comes before op ? qwertyui 
i got a joke ... your life 
accidentally made my christian mingle username voldemort69 again 
yo mama head so small that she got her ear pierced and died . 
pirates used to wear eye patches because they had hooks for hands 
what does jcpenny and teenagers have in common ? pants 50 off 
what's the favorite subject of young witches at school ? spelling . 
why type of lightning likes to play sports ? - ball lightning 
why doesnt ray charles see his friends ? because he is married . 
adam sandler would have the most kills . his jokes are all dead 
the second best " asm " is " sarc . " 
" why was the amish girl excommunicated ? too mennonite . " - hitchens 
what do you call someone incapable of eating people ? a can't - ibal 
women with large breasts are generally more successful than men with large breasts . 
kanye's acceptance speech on the vma's 
what did adam say the day before christmas ? it's christmas , eve ! 
what did the hummingbird do to his girlfriend ? he nectar ! 
what do you call a cow with no sense of humor ? a feminist 
looking for a friend with benefits . preferably dental . 
if you tickle a billionaire , will he trickle himself ? 
i had a masturbation addiction . i beat it . 
how do you get to the front page of reddit ? lack of originality 
what's thom yorke's reddit ? u karmapuhlease 
my father's kids won't get this ... ... love . 
the reds are going to the series this year . 
whats donald trumps favorite album ? the wall 
what did grandma say to grandpa while in bed ? keep it up ! 
what do you call an ugly dinosaur ? an isaurus rex 
q : what do birds give out on halloween ? a : tweets . 
siri , answer all of my toddler's stupid questions . 
what's yellow and can't swim a bus full of children 
what do you call lying furniture ? untrustable 
welcome to kleptomaniac club . i see you already took a brochure . 
what's hitler's favorite videogame ? mein kraft . 
make love not war ... or do both - get married . 
why type of nut do wallflowers like ? walnuts 
" i'm old . " - everyone over the age of 18 
how does procrastination start ? i'll tell you tomorrow . 
my " pi " tattoo is taking longer than i thought 
" omelet you finish , " - kanyegg west 
how does a paralympian call home , after winning a medal ? handsfree 
if h2o is inside a fire hydrant , what is outside ? k9p . 
how does the executioner like his coffee ? decap 
ignorance or apathy ? i dont know and i dont care 
i never understood why vets ... aren't called dogtors . 
what's got four legs and one arm ? a rottweiler . 
i dream of a world where even lactose is tolerated by everyone . 
nswf whats funner than a dead baby a dead baby wearing a clown outfit 
what do i have that fc barcelona doesn't ? a semi 
what is the most popular cheese in " the upside down " ? demogorgonzola 
valar morghulis the feminist extremists motto . 
ethics of the police 
how do you reheat a cold war ? you nuke it . 
lpt : never use hyperbole . 
lubricant ? ? ... lubri - can ! ! ! 
toucan : albanians kidnap liam neesons bird 
to err is human to air bud is dog ! ! ! ! 
who's your dad's cousin's cousin's daughter to you ? a potential tinder date . 
what is the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman ? snowballs 
i grow herbs in my bed . bed thyme . 
am i crazy ... ... or does it smell like boogers in here ? 
what do vegan zombies eat ? graaaaains ! 
don't cry because it's over , smile because it was pizza . 
what us state has the most cows ? moosouri ! 
i have a job crushing pop cans . it's soda pressing . 
two drums and a cymbal jump off a cliff ... ba dum tss . 
what happened to wendy from wendy's ? " the baconator " 
what is atheism ? a non - prophet organisation . 
mmmmm ... . delicious ! 
molestation such a touchy subject 
plot twist : africa adopts angelina jolie 
why do redditors pay with exact change ? they can't stand a nickleback ! 
i'm sick of everyone one reddit corecting my spelling . 
why did the engineer drive the backwards ? he had a loco motive . 
what do you call chips that aren't yours ? nacho chips 
i was 3 yrs old when my mom was diagnosed with my brother . 
i dig my own grave . adds inter - ior designer to resume . 
why was the clownfish sad ? because its friends were anemones . 
how do you keep brown bears off your property ? build a wall 
sorry a remote fell out when you took off my bra 
i only entered the witness protection program for the free plastic surgery . 
there's probably a whole circle in hell that's just full of guys beatboxing . 
if water is h20 , what is ice h2o 3 
dj daemon maintains the beats in the background . 
what did the zero say to the eight ? nice belt . 
what sport do you play with a wombat ? wom 
what did the ocd man get thrown in jail for ? organized crime . 
" blinding nemo " bpmovies 
what does an alcoholic ghost drink ? boo's . 
who's bill cosby's favourite disney princess ? sleeping beauty 
you know what they say about cliffhangers ... 
i believe in " you're stupid " at first sight . 
" rock . paper . scissors . " - terrible surgeon 
what is a bed's least favourite time of year ? spring break . 
women have closets full of i have nothing to wear . 
what did the blind , deaf man get for christmas ? ? cancer 
what do rednecks do on halloween ? pump - kin ! 
* eats half a pan of brownies while making salad for dinner * 
the memory foam in my mattress is probably wishing it could forget me . 
why doesn't jesus play basketball ? he got crossed up . 
bandwagon fans make me so mad , i've hated benghazi for decades 
which astronaut wears the biggest helmet ? the one with the biggest head . 
facebook memories are a great way to see how fat you've gotten . 
what does a grizzly wear under his fur ? under - bear . 
what is the best part of living in flint you get free orange juice 
did you hear that great joke about schrodinger's cat ? 
what's the difference between r politics and r liberal ? none 
* hops off a horse * alright buddy , your turn 
hey girl , are you liam neeson's daughter ? because if so nvm 
i was hungary ... so iran to turkey 
how many calories are in a horse 
i wish i could commute by roller coaster . 
a man walks into a bar ... because he forgot he was in jail 
no thanks , dentist's office that used to be a house 
why didn't noah swat those two mosquitoes ? 
so this ray of light broke bad . it was put in prism . 
there is no i in denial 
you know what is intense ? camping . is intense . 
pineapple jokes when is an apple not an apple ? 
what do call a white guy in a burning building ? fire cracker 
we can always tell when you are lying . your lips move . 
idiot college called , they want there mascot back . 
what's a poker player's favorite sitcom ? full house . 
head and shoulders should make a body wash called everything else 
tifu your girl was on my lap 
why is there so much blood in my alcohol system ? 
my computer said hello to me it's a dell . 
as it turns out , " harder " is a horrible safe word . 
i was grilling , and dropped a hamburger patty now it's ground beef 
i hope this hurricane is a joaquin the park 
what do you call a cross between two kkk members ? burning 
what do you always get on your birthday ? another year older ! birt 
sometimes relationships last longer when facebook doesn't know about them . 
what is snoop dogg's favorite note ? high g . 
my insurance does not cover jesus taking the wheel . i checked . 
knock knock who's there ! blood ! blood who ? blood brothers ! 
please don't tell 9 11 jokes today they're just plane wrong . 
i played a piano duet with myself ... it was a heart and soulo 
yolo you only love owls . 
what is a woman to cant give birth ? bruce jenner 
republicans , don't forget to set your clocks back 50 years 
the drunker i get , the more dance moves i know . 
what do u call a girl having no boyfriend ? 
the distance this fish swam ... is a scaler not a vector . 
what do you do with an epileptic in a bathtub ? laundry . 
i'm not lazy ... i'm just on my energy saving mode . 
how much space does fungi need to grow ? as mushroom as possible . 
my horse was way more aggressive than usual today it threw me off 
today is " jamaican hair day " at work . i'm dreading it . 
what did 9 say to 11 ? let's get bush in on this . 
why do greeks like fried foods ? because they're greasy 
float like a jellyfish , sting like a jellyfish . 
ceilings were just ambitious walls . 
what comes after america ? bmerica . i'll see myself out 
debt collector are so persistent they never leave you a loan 
what rock group has four men that don't sing ? mount rushmore 
" everyone is engaged but you " - facebook 
why did the hipster drown ? he went ice skating before it was cool 
going as a hashtag for halloween so everybody ignores me . 
what is a pirates favorite letter ? no , it's the c . 
what's a fly without it's wings ? a walk 
hire the pretty blonde 
how do you make donald trump laugh ? tickle his armpits 
the biggest joke of all time trump 
avoiding the use of french - derived words ... is not my forte . 
what do all battered women have in common ? they don't listen . 
how did the dungeon keeper plan for retirement ? collecting stocks and bonds . 
what does monica lewinsky and soda machine have in common ? 
experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted . 
what is joan of arc's least favorite food ? steak 
my dad voted republican his entire life . after he died he voted democrat 
i ruin friend groups by always suggesting we start a band too early 
what kind of clothes do lawyers wear ? lawsuits . 
how do cows go from one town to another ? they cowmmute . 
what is small furry and smells like bacon ? a hamster ! 
i just threw a snowball at a smart car and its airbags deployed 
have you heard about the sensitive burglar ? he takes things personally . 
my relationship advice is if you're not single you deserve it . 
what did the spanish musician say when he went fishing ? castanets ! 
where do russians stream movies from ? nyetflix . 
if vampires like the taste of blood so much they should floss . 
i'll bet vampire kiddies enjoy scabs as much as human kids love pudding skin 
watching married couples argue in bed bath beyond is my game of thrones . 
whats better than winning gold at the paralympics ? having legs ... . . 
my mate died from a bad case of heartburn i can't believe gaviscone . 
what is big hairy and can fly faster than sound ? king koncord . 
for what person do all men take off their hats ? the barber . 
headaches aren't real . . they're all in your head . 
i stopped a kidnapping today . . i woke him up 
i tried to catch some fog earlier . i mist . 
my teachers are like my girlfriends ... they are both best between periods . 
i like to surprise cross - eyed people they never see it coming 
sick eagles are forbidden by law . they're illeagle . 
friend : you'll find love again . me : stop threatening me 
russia is invading ukraine ? us : " nato my watch ! " 
cartoonist found dead in home . details are sketchy . 
what do you call a stillborn grizzly cub ? unbearable 
why did the meme crossed the road a meme beme screme 
my doctor said he couldn't prescribe me with viagra . no hard feelings . 
you know what's way better than an ipod ? a zune 
every time you make a typo ... the errorists win 
when jesus was crucified , what was the cause of death ? cross contamination 
anyone you can do , i can do better . . 
the pope walked into a bar and was arrested for diddling little boys . 
being poor means having to read the menu card from right to left . 
how much for these old batteries ? for you ? no charge . 
just one time i wanna see the bachelor get a cold sore 
trump is a godsend as in 1000 b . c . plague 
one tequila , two tequila , three tequila , floor . 
what do you call a musical wreath made from 100 bills ? aretha franklins 
what's santa's favourite metal band ? sleigher . 
one wonders if actual douche bags are now available in ed hardy designs . 
africa and asia are playing baseball asia strikes out africa , europe 
i hate people who steal the punchline . i'm keeping mine a secret . 
meet the parents 
strong zoroark , male , 50 sebas 
been throwing up gang signs all morning . must've eaten some expired gang signs 
happier than a witch in a broom shop . 
why did mickey get hit but donald didn't because donald duck . 
you're only as good as your last tweet . 
just a friendly reminder that the world supposedly ends in 73 days . 
i'm bad at misleading people not 
what did the man without a voice box say ? 
flowers bee like 
u kn0thing 
what does harry potter say when he wants a cigarette ? tobaccio 
which came first the chicken or the egg ? the rooster 
what do you call crazy testicles ? cuckoonuts 
what did socrates learn from the t - rex ? i dino 
pepper spray does not taste like pepper . 
past , present and future walk into a bar ... it was tense 
whats the best thing to put into a christmas cake ? your teeth ! 
where did the martian put his teacup ? on his flying saucer . 
i guess if your a meth head you've only got one sleep until christmas 
teach us about absolute zero ! 0k ! 
q : what country is ill ? a : germany . 
i try to be a good sport , but sometimes i'm badminton . 
when is it ok to snipe police officers ? as dallast resort . 
i hate it when winter comes . it makes my wenis so dry . 
what is a ghost's favorite street ? a boooooooolevard . 
what did the druggie do when he got acid ? took some tums 
if you can't buy a person , you can always sell him . 
what do bulls do math with ? a cow - culator ! cue groans 
1 : my personality is 30 the last movie i watched . 
what do you call a cow without legs ? ground beef . 
charlie sheen says he has hiv ... finally a positive in his life . 
what did the sadist do to the masochist ? nothing . 
my christmas tree isn't the only thing that's getting lit this time of year 
why was 6 afraid of 7 because 7 was a registered 6 offender 
9 11 jokes aren't funny . the other 2 however , are hilarious ! 
what would call a person who isn't worthy of being looked at ? unseaworthy 
what is kanye west's favorite breakfast food ? omelette you finish . 
current beard : outdoor woodsman current body : indoor couchman 
my friends bakery had burned down yesterday now his business is toast . 
why do elephants have four feet ? because six inches would look silly . 
kid rock must be an adult rock by now . 
what kind of modeling clay does a dog use ? fi - do ! 
to help me get to sleep i'm counting miners . 
relationships are easy as pie ! * burns pie * 
i've just received my 14th christmas card from the alzheimer's society . 
so many people on facebook " like " everything but grammar . 
if we elect donald trump president . 
what's everyone doing for seis de mayo ? 
" describe yourself in 4 words . " bad at counting . 
why were the yearbook students expelled ? they shot the whole school . 
god hates fags he prefers a nice , fat , dank blunt . 
how do i disable the autocorrect function on my wife ? 
" choas theory " - themed restaurant : eating disorder 
what did the ruler gain a reputation for while campaigning ? straight talk . 
i like my cigarettes like my instagram . nofilter edit : learned formatting 
what do ebola patients eat ? abola chicken noodle soup ! 
my hamster died ... he fell asleep at the wheel . 
strip search ? fine but i'm going to need some music . 
so i just listened to kanye's album ... dafuq ? 
but what does jesus do when he wants to swim 
what kind of protozoa likes halloween ? an amoeboo ! 
what would a prius minivan be called ? post - us 
what time does sean connery get to the us open ? ten - ish 
is onamonapia ... . umderstood by deaf people ? 
what do germans look at on the internet ? danke memes 
abortions are so fun ... ... they really bring out the kid in you 
what kind of government does disney world have ? a plutocracy 
how many potatoes does it take to kill an irish person ? none . 
i play with my hair a lot because i don't have testicles . 
what's the most trifling thing about divorce when you have kids ? child custardy 
schrodinger's cat is depressed cat : no one came to my birthday party funeral 
how do you call a prison inmate ? with a cell phone . 
i can't stop drinking about you . 
what's shorter than mt . everest ? mt . everer 
at least i have all day sober to sunday up ... . . 
40 of americans over 60 believe ... ... that they were at woodstock . 
i love milk ... it's got lots of cowcium . 
wanna hear a joke ? serving sizes 
this third bottle of wine has turned everything into a microphone . 
who has the most dangerous job in transylvania ? dracula's dentist . 
yo mama's so mean ... she's got no standard deviation ! 
don't fall in love . you will get feelings and die . 
what's the worst part about r meirl moderators ? deleted 
doctor doctor i feel like a pair of curtains well pull yourself together then 
hear about psych on netflix ? thats messed up 
what's miley cyrus's favourite color ? twerkquoise 
i'm gonna try and shoot the whole school said the yearbook photographer 
who needs people when you got pizza 
" i'm not a fan . " - air conditioner 
yo momma so fat she got an event horizon . 
why do people take acid at raves ? because there's so much base . 
what did tom riddle's calculator tell harry potter ? 8008132 
how did jared lose 30 pounds ? he dumped his girlfriend . 
q : what do clouds wear under their clothes ? a : thunderware . 
what's the best way to grease a ferrari ? run over an italian . 
the band's name is 1023 mb . they haven't had any gigs yet . 
i raise the bar when it comes to lowering standards . 
why can't a t - rex clap it's hands ? because it's dead 
how does any girl have less than 90 thousand instagram followers ? 
why couldn't bach pay for his dinner ? because he was baroque . 
what do you call a sleeping prisoner ? under a - rest . 
what's the number one comeback on r jokes ? riposte . 
what does a spanish cow say ? muuuuuuuey ! 
i visited a real graveyard this halloween i logged back into google plus . 
" why are you wearing ? " - existentialist reporter on the red carpet 
* goes into debt debt : wrong hole . 
what did one plate say to the other ? lunch is on me . 
i think the government caused all the snow in the south cause i'm snowden 
what game do reindeer play in their stalls ? stable - tennis ! 
" and the lord said unto john ... ... . 
is chicken soup good for your health ? not if you're the chicken ! 
what does a vegetarian zombie eat ? grrrains . 
what shampoo do dragons prefer ? head amp smolders 
an m amp m for 50 cent ! ? that's ludacris ! 
how are babies like hinges ? they are things to adore 
kony 2012 what uganda do about it ? 
what is a blonde's favorite fairy tale ? humpme dumpme ! 
choosing between trader joe's and whole foods is white people's real twilight . 
i'm the jason bourne of avoiding people i know at starbucks . 
martin shkreli . 
what time is it ? its time for lunch . 
what do you call a cow that just gave birth ? decaffeinated 
what's a ninja turtle's favorite equation ? a radical equation . 
yo mama is so ugly that she gave freddy krueger nightmares . 
how do ants hide from aardvarks ? they disguise themselves as uncles ! 
what does a pig put on his cut ? oinkment 
my kids are really competing for least favorite today . 
what does a racist baker exclaim ? white flour ! 
if we're strictly talking body count , then i'm a morning person . 
what is a time travelling vacuum cleaner called ? dr whoover 
i only have a beard so i can scratch it while i judge . 
reddit will end with not a bang , but a pao . 
how do telegraph operators apologize ? remorse code 
what you're saying with your drink choice lol 
at the risk of offending my fans , i finally bought an air conditioner 
how do animals cross the ocean ? on a gir - raft . 
i had a really good joke ... but autocorrect ruined the lunchtime 
how did the butcher introduce his wife ? meet patty ! 
how does a train eat ? they chew - chew . 
what's the best drink for a dog ? an old faschund . 
" does this leaf make me look fat ? " - eve . 
what's grey and comes in quarts ? elephants 
how did jesus feel when they crucified him ? he was cross . 
six u . s congress men die and go to heaven . 
what do you call a man with no shin toe knee 
what is dwight schrute's hometown ? nanda parbeets . 
the first rule of denial club is i can stop anytime i want . 
life is life , sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium . 
the 7 habits of highly successful nun impersonators 
what's the difference between boogers and rice pudding ? nobody eats rice pudding . 
" hi ? " - first cow being milked 
what are the strongest days ? saturday and sundays . the others are weakdays 
having no tattoos in 2014 , is like having tattoos in 1967 . 
abortion clinics are awful . but their smoothies are to die for . 
84 of canadians think the preparations for the american blizzard are " cute " 
50 shades of hay 50 shades of hay http : imgur . com yrgs7p0 
two irishman walk out of a pub . it could happen . 
those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't ! 
10 warning signs that you're currently reading a list 
what's smaller than a teenie weenie ant ? an ant's teenie weenie ! 
* tries to hit the gym * * gym hits back * 
what's rick grimes favorite holiday ? christmas , carl 
what will men do if women become extinct ? domesticate another animal . 
what did the businessman wear to the thai restaurant ? a plaid tie . 
in hell , your socks are always wet 
where does amy go after the explosion ? everywhere ! ! ! 
noisy nights by constance norah 
what happens when vladimir putin stands up too fast ? head russian ... 
totally original roses are red violets are blue some poems rhyme this one doesn't 
sapnu puas read it upside down 
what kind of juice does hitler drink ? concentrated juice . 
never feel worthless ! your organs are worth thousands . 
chocolate just tastes better when you pretend a fat german kid drowned in it 
yeah , i knew shakespeare in college . typical neck bard . 
no matter if you are american or european 9 11 is a sad date 
why did sauron buy the sedan instead of the coupe ? more doors . 
i doubt vodka is the answer , but it's worth a shot 
family size or very determined single person size ? 
pokemon go is trying to fix its servers ... it's not very effective . 
i don't mean to be a party pooper but ... where's your bathroom ? 
different version how to be insulting never mind , you wouldn't get it 
irony is lost on kleptomaniacs because they take everything literally . 
how come greek salad doesn't have any lettuce ? austerity . 
there's a new terrorist group targeting gorillas it's called boko harambe 
thinking of getting another bed just for all my laundry 
i saw a train today ... it seemed really angry . 
welcome , take off your pants ... and jacket . 
what are three signs old age ? 1 . becoming forgetful 
what's wrong with the phrase " war on drugs " ? wars end . 
have you guys heard about the new internet milk ? it's for cereal . 
what is putin's favorite justin timberlake song ? cremia river 
what were the political views of the librarian ? she wanted open borders . 
i just failed my butcher's exam . mis - steaks were made . 
why was edward stuck at the russian airport ? because he was snowden . 
what's bill clinton's favorite pink floyd jam ? have a cigar 
two guys walk down the street and one falls through the window 
why was the cat so small ? because it only ate condensed milk ! 
will will smith smith ? yes ... will smith will smith 
what did the indian man name his sandwich shop ? new delhi : d 
typos ... that's just how i role . 
what do you call tea made by a stoned marsupial ? high koala tea 
what do pigs do on nice afternoons ? they go on pignics . 
for computer geeks . less isn't more , less is more . 
it's 2011 and we're not driving dragons ? the future sickens me . 
why don't the french like kiwifruit ? because of the green piece inside . 
jokes about unemployed people aren't funny they just don't work . 
so i bought a nihilistic pencil it's pointless . 
it's ironic that most people don't understand irony 
why are teenage girls so odd ? because they can't even . 
the american healthcare system . 
what's the generic name for viagra ? mycoxafloppin . 
i have an old resolution 640x480 
alcohol is like liquid photoshop for real life . 
i rode a taxi it was fake 
like a flat tire ... ... . how i'm rolling this morning . 
i never date girls from china ... that's a big red flag . 
everytime i pull a prank on niagara she falls for it 
i ordered a chicken and egg from amazon . i'll let you know . 
what's a russian's favorite golf club ? a putin wedge . 
rudolph is the only reindeer who doesn't have a stripper name . 
what's the cheapest form of birth control ? casey anthony 
camping as a couple is stressful ... ... it's two in tents . 
bakers trade bread recipes ... on a knead - to - know basis . 
closed letter to the mods of r jokes ... o 
toad was always my favorite mario character he just seems like a fungi . 
don't vaccinate your children ! let a trained medical professional do it ! 
why do white girls always travel in odd numbers ? they can't even 
why are cars in russia so slow ? because they are always stalin . 
q : what do modern artists eat for breakfast ? a : surreal . 
why would ellen pao not do her own ama ? general pao's chicken . 
what's mike tyson's favorite scarlett johansson film ? luthy . 
do you know why cannibals don't eat divorced women ? because they're bitter . 
what is reagan's favorite vegetable ? jim brady 
where were the first french fries made ? ... in grease 
what do performing bears at the circus get for lunch ? 30 minutes . 
knock knock ... 
egg puns ... ... are cracking ! 
on the other hand , you have five fingers . 
why kill time when you can make it work for you ? 
isn't everyone gettin over racist jokes ? once you've heard juan you've heard jamal 
warning racist wanna hear a dark joke ? africas population 
who serves all you can eat rabbit stew ? warren buffet ! 
preventing childhood obesity ... it's as easy as taking candy from a baby . 
* bangs gavel * wife : who ? ? ? 
what's the difference between australia and yogurt ? culture 
what's gray squeaky and hangs around in caves ? stalagmice ! 
everyone's gynecologist uses the term battle damage , right ? 
why was the shower crying it was being used . 
what do you get if you mix a rhetorical question and a joke ? 
if you're unsure if you're pregnant or not that's called a maby 
tight pants are like a cheap hotel ... no ball room 
an apple a day ... keeps the non - binary away 
why'd you order the fish n chips ? for the halibut . 
what is created when you rub two oranges together ? pulp friction 
spell " attic " without laughing out loud 
why did man invent curling ? to convince women sweeping was a sport . 
how do you seduce a fat woman ? piece of cake . 
what's grey and can't fly ? a parking lot . 
why is the leaning tower of pisa in italy ? it's italicized 
my new girlfriend really takes my breath away ... . she's inflatable . 
why did the owl owl ? because the woodpecker would peck er ! 
did you fall from heaven because your face is all screwed up 
my new years resolution is the same as last year . 1920x1080 
what's enormous , gray , and unimportant ? irrelephant . 
what kind of bees make milk ? boo - bees 
i lost fifty pounds in two weeks by lying ! 
why didn't 2x befriend x 2 ? he had trouble integrating 
no point i'll go straight to the point , this all sentence is pointless 
where do stoners keep their money ? in a joint account 
if a fly has no wings would you call him a walk ? 
chuck norris likes his ice like he likes his skulls : crushed . 
my girlfriend says i can't visualise things i can't imagine why . 
you know why r jokes doesn't allow pictures ? thatsthejoke . jpg 
cars why do lazy people only drive automatics ? because they're shiftless . 
why is christopher walken so tired ? because at night , he's always sleepwalken 
programmers tend to byte their food 
how do you make a venetian blind ? poke him in the eye 
a clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer . 
there are no absolutes in this world . except vodka . 
hey geese crossing the road , u can fly . 
how many potatos do you need to kill an irishman ? none . 
it's hunting season and fox like you shouldnt be out in the open ! 
what do you give the guy who has everything ? penicillin 
i don't understand hair it's just over my head . 
i'm so old ... ... my organs are harpsichords . 
what do you call halloween for feminists ? triggertreat 
lgbt girl scout leader arrested she was thrown in jail for eating brownies . 
what country uses the most foul language ? turkey 
my girlfriend and i are quite similar they're both imaginary 
what do naked fish play with ? bare - a - cudas ! 
what are a redneck's last two words before dying ? watch this ! 
how does professor charles xavier apologise ? he says " cerebro " 
a bar walks upto a bar ... hows that even possible 
fat people just want to get into your pantries . 
learning about frequency is so boring ... it literally hertz . 
my wife's cooking is so bad we usually pray after our food . 
i used to be a narcissist but now look at me 
he died doing what he loved , checking his mentions while driving . 
mothers are always one question from ruining your day . 
all my party planning skills revolve around exit strategies . 
christmas is my favorite four months of the year . 
what happened to the road ? depressions . 
fe fi fo fum rhyme scheme tweets are kinda dumb 
i have awful jet lag the wifi on this airliner is just terrible 
i have been single so long , i can finish my own sentences . 
whats the hardest part of a vegetable to eat ? the wheelchair . 
my mother always told me if you have nothing nice to say join 4chan 
what is a trailer park's favorite game ? twister 
what do you call an ant who can't play the piano ? discordant ! 
what does a rock put on when it stinks ? geodorant . 
what runs , but never sprints ? inherited obesity 
did you hear about the old italian chef ? he pasta way 
why can't americans play lol ? they can't guard their towers . 
what currency does the sun use ? starbucks 
why do cemeteries have fences ? people are just dying to get in . 
how do sheep in mexico say merry christmas ? fleece navidad ! 
dust bunnies are great pets because they thrive on neglect . 
what type of wife always knows where her husband is ? a widow 
everybody wants to be wanted , except maybe fugitives . 
imagine getting a bj and the person's hair gets stuck in your chain wallet 
what do you call a friendly mancunian midwife ? ultra sound 
wtf neighbor i waved to you last week 
rain is just god listening to bon iver . 
how do you help a woman going through menopause you hit menoplay 
two apples enter a bar ... ... then i got sued by apple 
you teabag but chuck norris potato sacks 
i drop it like it's an expensive electronic device i've recently purchased . 
jogging , but with a car . 
what did the racist chess player say ? all rook same ! 
girls use lotion for hands boys use lotion for skin . 
they call me metal gear because my snake is solid 
who is fastest girl in the world ? answer : airtel 4g girl . 
what do you call christopher walken when he is sitting ? christopher sitten 
what is a water bottle's favorite game to play ? follow the litre . 
why are chickens racist ? they are all in the coop clucks clan 
where do dogs shop for groceries ? wagmans . 
how does hitler tie his shoes ? in little nazis . 
what do you call a russian , homophobic , golfer ? vladimir putting 
the guy who proofread hitler's speeches was a grammar nazi . 
being a dog with no legs - it's no walk in the park 
i try to accomplish epic missions before the microwave hits zero . 
relationship status : we made our marriage counselor cry . 
joke did you hear about the man who stoke a bed 
i wonder what my dog named me . 
ok i'll bite . . what is britain 
what the sound of a rainbow laughing ? hue hue hue hue 
what was sisyphus's favourite type of music ? rock n roll 
jokes about abusive parents ... ... just hit too close to home . 
you should never bully fat people ... . they have enough on their plates 
love is blind , only marriage opens your eyes . 
how did jesus get so ripped ? 39 lashes . 
what was bob marley's favourite font ? sans sheriff ! 
winrar is not free 
what's a redneck's favorite type of bread ? inbred 
what did the physicists say when he accidentally broke his resistor ? my ghosh 
how do we create jobs ? i thought he was already dead 
things that are better left unsaid 1 . 2 . 3 . 
did you hear about the abstinent lenses ? they never came in contact . 
" you're what you eat " so when will your mum become me ? 
sorry we don't serve time travelers here two time travelers walk into a bar 
never trust an atom they make up everything 
what has four wheels and flies a garbage truck 
like most movies . i show big things in my trailer . 
cnn admits to dating fox news . 
shout out to slugs for doing everything a snail does without a helmet 
why can a t - rex not touch his toes ? because he's extinct 
what is a cannibal's favorite fruit ? granny smith 
what is the worst animal std ? gatoraids 
subreddit for cleanjokes ? anyone know of one ? tia 
what adjective do you use to describe a bad pun ? pungent 
whats the difference between trump and hitler ? about 70 years 
whoa , calm down , person actually swimming in the swimming pool . 
what makes kirby a great all - around fighter ? he's all round . 
how to comfort a grammar nazi " they're their there " 
static cling is just physics showing us how much it loves us . 
i burned a kid in a wheelchair today . hot wheels . 
why is dj khaled's favorite number 11 ? cuz it has another 1 
what is 20 inches long and makes women scream at night ? a stillborn 
kevin bacon likes to play six degrees of everybody else . 
please pray for the people still playing farmville on facebook . 
a collection of oc jokes ! 
where do fat people live ? obe - city 
how do you turn soup into gold ? you add 24 carats ! 
why do hippies like corduroy ? because the material is so groovy . 
light is useful it helps us c things . 
what do you call a native american cook a sioux chef 
my parents kidnapped me . i was then born . 
johnny depp is to tim burton what tyler perry is to tyler perry . 
a shower so cold , you call it by your exes name 
hard work never killed anyone , but why take the chance ? 
why did the girl reject iron oxide ? because it was feo 
dark comedy is ... like water ... ... . not everyone gets it . 
never threaten anyone . it spoils the surprise . 
what bus crossed the atlantic ocean ? columbus 
what u . s . state has the smallest sodas ? minisoda 
a lion wouldn't cheat on his wife but a tiger wood 
what's blue and sits on the toilet ? a policeman doing his duty ! 
why are bananas so popular ? because they have appeal 
what's in a white mans pants and more than 4 inches long ? nothing 
if i were a dog would you help me bury my bone ? 
what's a pirate's favorite workout program ? pirates pronounced like pilates 
do you know what makes pink lemonade pink ? strawberries . 
why aren't there any knock knock jokes about america ? because freedom rings . 
what's red and bad for your teeth ? a brick 
slow down in those corduroy pants . you'll ignite a bush fire . 
what does a nazi turkey say ? " goebbles goesbbles " 
what is michal jackson a chocolate cracker if they exist 
what is the deadliest volcano ? mount kill - a - man - jaro 
what do you call a prositute on her period ? unemployed . 
how does nasa organize their missions . they planet . 
jobs that do not exist anymore steve 
how much is donald trump's life insurance ? just one pence . 
what time do dentists fly airplanes ? tooth hurty 2 : 30 
drinking ink won't kill you , you'll just dye a little inside . 
you know , i just love whiteboards ... they're remarkable . 
what has bottom on the top ? legs . 
how do rabbits fly ? in hareplanes . 
why couldn't the fortune teller fit into her shirt ? because she's a medium 
is your name summer ? coz you're hot ! 
i went camping recently . it was intense . 
i don't like thinking about gravity . it brings me down . 
babies are just people that haven't hurt your feelings yet . 
everyone worries about pao . they should be worried about ... darude sandstorm 
how can you call someone and sound fabulous ? use a homophone . 
how many communists died during ww2 ? not enough 
if a duck and a elephant were to vote they'd vote for donald trunk 
how does a neckbeard make a scotch egg ? he has to breddit 
for sale : standards . mint condition . barely used . 
what do you call a redhead with a yeast infection ? gingerbread 
i hope jessica biel names her first child batmo . 
what do you call a person who makes surrealist sandwiches ? salvador deli . 
why shouldn't white people swim ? crackers get soggy when wet . 
what do terrorists eat when its sunny ? choc - isis 
tifu by making my husband the wrong sandwich oops , wrong sub ! 
it's the eye of the tiger . it's the spleen of a sheep . 
went to bingo yesterday , got two fat ladies ... worst 3some ever . 
can't decide if i should start this laundry or fake my own death . 
what did the reddit admins do for christmas ? removed 
what idiot called them atheists instead of non - parishables ? 
how do you play iraqi bingo ? f18 ... b52 ... f18 
did you know that diarrhea is hereditary ? it runs in your genes ! 
" we're going to need a bigger pocket . " - iphone 6 plus 
technically ... it's only illegal when you get arrested . 
what do bees chew ? bumble gum . 
bet you can't guess my favorite hue hue jackman 
what do indian flowers grow ? patels . 
i tried to offer my school administrator a bribe but he was too principled 
what do you call a woman who's not wearing underwear ? a barracuchi . 
every function without you will always be void of love . 
tombstone : here lies houdini 2nd tombstone : now i'm over here 
what do you call it when fish stop having babies ? minnow - pause 
what do you call a hatred for large plants ? bigotree 
my neck , my back , a stranger took my cat 
where do you party on a ship ? where the funnel be ! 
i feel like aging is a lot easier for unattractive people . 
my math teacher called me average how mean . 
joined match . com ... and all i got was a lit cigarette 
what game do 18 dogs like to play during the summer ? woofleball 
imagine a world without war where we remember scientists and artists . 
how to legalize animal poaching ? drop a kid in their zoo enclosure . 
brazil is getting slaughtered i can't take it an neymar 
why was the math book sad ? it had a lot of problems 
setp 1 : learn spelling 
what do you calll a woman that people sit on ? cher ! 
why was santa's little helper depressed ? because he had low elf esteem . 
why is it called pms'in g ? mad cow disease was already taken . 
what do jehovah's witnesses believe in ? that i will open the door 
two jihadis walked in to a bar they didn't blow it up . 
pillow fights didn't last as long in the stone age . 
racist comments ... just like grandma used to make 
do scooby got a booty ? scooby doo . 
do you know a favourite expression used by the gorillas ? apesy daisy ! 
why did the plane crash ? the pilot was a potato . 
" hold the door ! ! ! " " what door ? " 
you remember those yardsticks ? they don't make them any longer . 
word . microsoft . 
what do australians use for sun burns ? aloe , mate . i'm sorry 
how come django's wife never hears django coming ? the d is silent . 
what do wizards call unmagical african americans ? niggles 
what do you call someone who supports hillary ? paid off . 
hummingbirds are just regular birds that can't remember the lyrics . 
i have no beef with vegetarians . 
what do a call a fish with no eyes a blind fish 
what do you call a panda who's legs don't work ? pandapalegic 
cats are just fuzzy houseplants that hate you . 
what did bruce lee say about nasa's discovery wa - tah ! 
what kind of bee can't be understood ? a mumble bee ! 
depression is merely anger without enthusiasm . 
memories . that's how i want to be remembered . 
why was the banker bored ? because he lost interest in everything . 
where do you take a sick wasp ? to waspital . 
i should rename myself summer . all girls want is summer to come . 
when god closes a door , it usually has my fingers in it . 
here's another great ellen pao joke deleted 
short seal joke a baby seal walks into a club 
why did the raging alcoholic throw his wife off a cliff ? tequila 
you face ha got " em " 
hey people who don't understand sarcasm , what's it like being so awesome ? 
how do you start an insect race ? one two flea - go 
i hate three things 1 posting on r jokes 2 lists 3 irony 
things michael j . fox would be good at grating parmesan cheese . 
there's a little " i'm jealous " in every " whatever . " 
why don't they make bouncy houses for adults ? you'd spill your drink . 
i lost 50 pounds in two days im never playing poker again 
why don't women wear skirts during winter ? they'll get chapped lips ! 
what do you get when you vaporize a king ? a noble gas . 
creed is alter bridge with a stapp infection . 
how do blonde braincells die ? alone . 
what do you call a fish without any eyes ? boneless chicken 
famous last words silence 
i'm so done with apple products ! their phones can't do jack ... 
how to tell if she's odd ... ... she can't even . 
" no way . " - jose 
pickle bread how do you make pickle bread ? you use dill dough . 
democrats must be so thirsty cause of all the salt . 
how do neurons communicate ? cell phones 
my fast joke are you a human or a dog 
my body is a temple ... and it's devoted to dionysus . cheers . 
what's an emo's favorite file type ? . rar 
who stole the cookie from the cookie jar ? greg . 
what kind of jackets do audiophiles wear ? flac jackets 
why can't unicorns play soccer ? because they don't exist 
here's how pessimism works . it never works . 
why don't baptist preachers color their hair ? they just pray the gray away 
why was santa sacked two days before christmas ? elf and safety 
what do nazi marijuana farmers say to their employees ? bale hydro ! ! 
nothing beats a pretty girl with a beautiful singing voice except for chris brown 
jesus take the wheel ! * car crashes * 
what is the lactose intolerant man's least favorite chore ? laun - dairy . 
just saw elle fanning . i was blown away . 
guerrilla glue it only works when you don't look at it . 
i was told to do what i love i went to sleep . 
americans may not get this ... healthcare 
why did the hippopotamus need his ventilin ? because he was hippoventilating ! 
what happened to him after she made a joke he fainted 
what happened in china on christmas ? the rice - child was born . 
i hate all 1970's female solo artists what a bunch of pre - madonnas 
what is a junkies favorite drink ? hepsi 
when chuck norris finishes a joke ... it's called a roundhouse kick line . 
i wouldn't be so scared of spiders if they were wearing tiny shoes . 
dance like you won't be turned into a gif . 
what is potential energy's favourite season ? summer , because it comes before fall 
what do you call a video game that gives cancer ? tombr aider 
i found a cheap prosthetic arm on craigslist secondhand 
why don't blondes make good cowgirls ? they can't keep their calves together 
why do audiophiles nerver loose a fight ? because they're lossless . 
i love volcano jokes ... they magma lava my ash off . 
what don't bmws have that all other manufacturers do ? turn signals 
i love hitting f5 ... it's so refreshing 
happy valentine's day ! so what's everyone doing with their cats tonight ? ? 
what's easier to pick up the heavier it is ? a girl . 
how did the executioner learn about knots ? by watching the noose . 
if life give you melons ... you're probably dyslexic . 
i'm still learning my pronouns ... but that is neither here nor there . 
what happens when the fog lifts in california ? ucla . 
i guess i just felt safer when martha stewart was still in prison . 
after m onday and t uesday even the week says wtf ! 
most of life is waiting for whatever you're at to be over . 
lenins if life hands you lenins , start a socialist revolution . 
women call me the gold medal i always finish first . 
what's michael j . fox's favorite drink ? a milkshake 
what is an electricians favorite type of news current events 
have you heard the joke about the three rats ? it was cheesy 
who's the idiot that made it killer whale and not panda shark 
how do pigs talk ? swine language 
why be fake when being real takes no effort at all ? 
* trains 1 million soldier ants * * gets carried to work * 
what is spider - man's favorite rice ? uncle bens ! 
what does donald trump play most of the time ? president evil . 
yes , 911 , that guy just fed my house letters again . 
what do you call a fake noodle ? an impasta ! : d 
if at first you don't succeed , skydiving just isn't for you . 
what is green and oblong ? a well disguised orange ! 
what do cannibals call shin meat ? below knee 
how do the kardashians change a broken light bulb they buy a new house 
why do british people never sound british when they sing ? 
did you hear about the deformed linebacker ? he had 4 sacks . 
what did the cannibalistic lion do ? swallow his pride . 
do you whats amazing ? spiderman 
what does heroin make you feel like ? more heroin . 
a redditor goes on a date . 
what does a redneck do on halloween ? pumpkin 
what do kermit the frog's fingers smell like ? bacon . 
my roommate said he gets laid ten times more than me . 0x10 0 
this guy went for an interview with buzzfeed what happened next will shock you 
curiosity doesn't kill anything , stupidity does . 
why couldn't anyone trust the snowman to do anything ? he was kinda flakey 
what's a parrot's favourite song ? i love parrots in the springtime ! 
i got a good one for you guys 1 
hey girl are you a cool autumn breeze because you make me wanna jacket 
a man clicks on a post in r jokes ... i'm watching you . 
where does joseph kony train his soldiers ? arizona 
music is a good place to hide . 
trump says he'll make oasis pay for a wonder wall . 
69 of people ... ... find something dirty in every sentence . 
why don't girls count to two ? because they " can't even . " 
why are ethiopian's teeth so white ? because they never use them 
what has over a hundred teeth and keeps back godzilla ? my zipper ! 
what do you call a man with news paper down his pants russel 
researchers found out , ... ... after someone finally opened the door . 
i'm against protesting ... but i don't know how to show it . 
if adrian peterson played baseball , how would he bat ? switch hitter 
" i'll be back ! " - boomerangs - and herpes 
tweets that proclaim " your a idiot " never fail to delight me . 
do wilma flintstone got a booty ? she yabba - dabba dooooooo ! 
two thieves try to steal a calendar . they each got six months . 
how do you get ready for a trip around the sun ? planet 
thanks a lot apple , for calling 7 inches a mini . 
killer whales are inappropriately named . the proper term is killer welsh . 
how do you kill a circus ? ... go for the juggler ! 
what is the difference between camping and being homeless ? marshmallows 
science joke : what do you study to learn about acid ? a phd 
what's the easiest way to piss off a bunch of redditors ? deleted 
i probably wouldn't even use the gym if i were in prison . 
where do magical animals go to jail ? azkabarn 
i do my women like i do my homework i don't 
what's 3 inches long and pleases all women ? a credit card . 
does anybody know if maternity wards are open today ? 
what kind of superhero would caitlyn jenner be ? an ex - man . 
how do narcissists remember everything ? ... they have a photogenic memory . 
i said hello to a feminist my court date starts tomorrow . 
* gets a fitbit for christmas * * puts it on a squirrel * 
what happens when you zip up a lion ? it rars 
a woman is good for 70 things . cooking and 69 . 
what has two thumbs and got laid last night ? my hands . 
santa is always jolly , he knows where the naughty girls live . 
my favorite element is helium i can't speak highly enough of it 
what is a south koreans favorite fruit ? an impeach . 
why didn't the dog want to play football ? it was a boxer ! 
what sort of transport does a sheep use ? a ewe - nicycle 
mcdonald's is like if ke ha were a restaurant . 
synchronized diving would be far more interesting without the pool . 
what is the scientific measurement for moistness ? digits ... 
sure , we can be friends . i get to be chandler . 
how do most elderly golfers die ? they have a bad stroke 
* adds resume embellisher to resume * 
when cannibals ate a missionary , they got a taste of religion . 
why did the computer say hello ? because it was a dell 
dad joke survivors a nickelodeon presentation . 
tifu by eating a u - boat . whoops , wrong sub . 
my comedian alias would be the carcinogin my jokes give people cancer 
i used to be a plastic surgeon which raised a few eyebrows . 
what's worse than ants in your pants ? uncles 
why do anarchists smell so bad ? because they're * revolting * 
what kind of overalls does mario wear ? denim denim denim 
i'm wearing nike pants so you have to just do it ... 
what are mario's overalls made out of denim denim denim 
who answers the crime stoppers hotline ? stymied coppers 
gonorrhea is the name of the medication used to treat diarrhea , right ? 
people that type in all caps are ... capitalists . 
what happened to the octopus in the football game ? he had tentackles . 
why couldn't spongebob get a mortgage ? because his house was underwater . 
someone said you sound like an owl . who ? 
why didn't hitler drink tequila ? because it made him mean . 
what do a plumber and a walrus both enjoy ? a nice tight seal 
snow ain't the problem isis 
i've got a pretty big role coming up it's a cinnamon roll . 
the problem with dieting is food . 
i'm on a seefood diet i see food and i eat it . 
what starts with d and has two letters in it ? w 
taking a nap until my carbon monoxide detector stops beeping . 
people really hate my cheesy puns ... but i'm quite fondue of them . 
what does an accountant use for birth control ? his personality . 
what do you call a chicken looking at lettuce ? chicken caesar salad 
i don't like cocaine i only like the smell . 
what concert costs 45 cents ? 50 cent featuring nickelback 
why should transgender people get separate bathrooms ? there's already handicapped stalls . 
what is the rapper's favorite bread ? 2 grainz 
sighs " always the predator , never the prey ... " 
what do pentecostals and nudists have in common ? neither can wear pants 
if steroids are illegal for athletes , then photoshop should be illegal for models 
how much do pirates pay to get an earring ? a buccaneer . 
running amok in flames why are inflammable things flammable ! ? 
swimming is good for you ... especially if you are drowning . 
only works in german - what is the biggest monkey ? - giraffe ! 
why did the washing machine stop ? somebody threw the towel in . 
hey guys , look ! original content made it on to ifunny ! 
where do terrorists store their money ? in the west bank 
worry : a waste of imagination . 
why don't people like talking about herpes ? it's a sore subject . 
why was the motorcycle going so slow ? because it was two tired ! 
what is irish and sits on the porch ? patty o'fu rniture 
how to make an idiot curious ? i'll post the answer tomorrow . 
what would you call isis after they've been eliminated ? waswas . 
dark humor is like kids with cancer ... never gets old 
i was the second man on the moon neil before me 
i used to be addicted to soap but i'm clean now . 
facebook does not ruin relationships . relationships ruin facebook 
why did the bowling pins stop working ? they went on strike ! 
* e mchammer * when e is a constant variable that can't be touched 
regular naps prevent aging ... especially if you take them while driving . 
my virginity 
what's a hats favourite thing ? getting head 
the three unwritten rules of life 1 . 2 . 3 . 
i've wanted to post this forever . this . 
what did the letter f say when he became cool ? sup g ? 
what is a goat herder known as in the middle east ? a pimp 
i like putin the rest of the joke down here 
how does a russian catch fish ? a niet ! 
what is the prettiest thing about a dc girl ? her resume . 
if boris johnson was priminster he'd make all of us shop at borrisons 
why does snoop dogg always carry an umbrella ? fo drizzle 
before i met my wife i was incomplete . . now i'm finished . 
what's the difference between snowmen and snow women ? snow balls . ha 
i'm not sure if i'm depressed or just nihilistic 
how i feel when i find out tom brady is suspended for 4 games 
trump's inauguration is like his hands : tiny in comparison . 
chuck norris can speak braille . 
i avoid making friends by being honest with people 
nothing brings a family closer at graduation than a flask . 
i put the fun in dyslexic . 
what's the united states favorite brand of shortening ? san fran crisco 
to where going batman running fast ? to the bathroom 
what did cholera say to malaria ? are you gonna jaundice on saturday ? 
freedom of speech deleted 
dmx is in jail because x didn't give it to them . 
what's a mathematician's favorite plant ? geometry 
a conservative is beating a liberal in a debate removed 
an officer gets shot in a marijuana raid ... 
" party fowl " someone yelled as the drunk duck did another keg stand 
whats the kkk's favorite type of cake ? sheet cake . 
my dentist isn't racist . he has loads of plaque friends . 
* tries to go into debt * debt : i have a boyfriend 
according to my current parking spot , i'm chief of police . 
the movie was better than the book because i'm illiterate . 
i like jesus but he loves me , so it's awkward . 
two guys in ohio die and wake up in hell the paramedics revived them 
what happens when a lawyer takes viagra ? he gets taller . 
what happens to a tipped cow ? they can't moove 
what's bill clinton's drug of choice ? blow . 
where does saddam hussein keep his plates ? in iraq . 
here's to alcohol , the cause of and solution to all life's problems . 
unlike rick astley , this tweet is likely to let you down . 
birth control ? ? ? here watch my kids for 10 minutes . 
the man who created knock knock jokes deserves a no - bell prize . 
what is your mom's favorite animal ? macaque . 
why can't you surf on microwaves ? because they're too small . 
spaces matter in spanish ! why ? because . 
what is walt jr . s favorite movie ? the breakfast club . 
hillary clinton hot sauce fiery and bernie out the back end 
what type of flour do you buy an orphan ? self raising . 
a man walks into a bar he had a concussion and died 
being fat is over weighted . - elmer fudd 
stop burning bridges . they're not even good kindling . just use sticks . 
where do you get sent if you have a brainfreeze ? the iceeu 
what was the burglar doing at wayne manor ? robin . 
why do they eat snails in france ? they don't like fastfood 
it is well known ... 
i live in a hutch filled with vibrating cedar chips 
how does the pig farmer get to the fair ? he rides piggyback . 
jersey shore was doomed the moment they named it after pauly shore . 
that kid looks like me . somebody should warn him . 
what's dj khaleds favourite number ? 11 , because it has another one 
what is vladimir's computer always doing ? computin 
why shouldn't you buy underwear made in the ukraine ? because chernobyl fallout . 
in the words of a famous troublemaker i have a dream . 
the reason the earth's core is hot is because my mixtape is so underground 
a conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking . 
have you heard ? have you heard of the arkadian genocide ? exactly . 
what's it called when a planet orbits its sun 8 times ? an orbyte 
purifying yourself in the waters of lake minnetonka not as effective as nyquil 
i dated an hermaphrodite ... it was an " hermaphrodate " 
i'm not madagascar , i'm just disappointedgascar 
don't google " can you die from an ear infection " at 2am 
if my dog could talk he'd say " you hang up first ... " 
remember to look both ways before crossing a woman . 
what type of jokes don't work dark jokes . 
why is north korea so polluted ? they have supreme litter . 
what does donald trump say when he's mad ? there'll be hell toupee ! 
a magician is driving down a road ... and turns into a driveway . 
a dog runs for senator ... he has no previous experience in pawlitics 
don't compare whales to feminists ... it's very offensive to whales 
stephen harper lost the canadian election . he was given aboot . 
where do they make satis ? in a satisfactory 
what does a toddler get drunk off of ? jack danimals ! 
where do angelfish swim ? the holy see 
international women's day that's the joke 
why do ghosts carry tissues ? because they have boooogers . 
write a quickly escalating inappropriate joke 
i am in prison for something i didn't do i didn't pay my taxes 
which is the smallest pub in the world ? the thalidomide arms . 
i spilled spot remover on my dog now he's gone . 
what kind of batteries do stuttering canadians use ? triple eh's . 
who's going to lose the upcoming election ? society . 
anne frank's famous last words . brb , door 
what's a paralympian's worst nightmare ? testing positive for wd - 40 
what is the fastest way to lose pounds ? leave eu . 
reason why i'm single ... because it's impossible to be double . 
how did i make it to the middle east ? iran there . 
how do you keep a redditor wait i'll post the answer tomorrow 
why did batman leave church ? because christian baled 
chuck norris is his own line at the dmv . 
where does a one legged waitress work ? i - hop 
what was beethoven's favorite fruit ? ba - na - na - naaaaaa ! 
pros don't ever use the tip . 
when is bingo harmless ? when its b9 ! 
i'm surprised microsoft didn't resurrect bing crosby to counter google's ad . 
what's someone who hates underwear's favorite song ? free ballin - foo fighters 
billy mays so good he once sold pain to chuck norris . 
what do you call a clingy , moody scientist ? a dependent variable 
why do terrorists hate wine ? because there are too many zinfandel's . 
to those that say i'm cancer i'm not cancer , i'm aquarius ! 
have you seen the new fishing website ? no it's not online yet . 
i'm the babe ruth of the toilet i always get the runs 
why don't germans tell jokes about sausage ? because they are the wurst . 
imagine a buffet for the gods ... there's food for thor . 
what's a blind mans worst fear ? a prius 
how many bees are there in the world ? a buzzillion . 
happy world alzheimer's day ! or was it yesterday ? ? 
i have a joke about minidisc ... ... but it's a little cd . 
how do mermaids give birth ? via sea - section 
what do you call a thug australian mammal ? a gang - aroo 
how did the shellfish win the underwater beauty pageant ? using saxitoxin . 
why the animale go to the store ? " chill " with friends 
if i was a squirrel i'd chuck my nuts in your hole ! 
what do you call a swat team with snoop dogg ? a blunt force 
sometimes , eating is very similar to driving . you trust stale greens 
white people sure do love generalizations . 
technically , setting someone on fire is burning calories . 
what kind of doctor never leaves the hospital ? an oncologist 
i know a lot about jokes about unemployed people but they never work 
there was once a roman who ate his girlfriend . he was gladiator . 
you know youre getting old when santa starts looking younger . 
how do you keep someone in suspense ? i'll tell you later . 
i don't like my new hair cut ... but it's growing on me . 
how does a witch tell time ? with a witchwatch . 
why does thor have insomnia ? he's up all night to get loki . 
what did the pirate say when he turned 80 ? aye matey 
what do you call crystal clear urine ? 1080p 
why are gold fish orange ? the water makes them rusty ! 
martin shkreli's life 
the final death of 2016 ... . mariah carey's live performance career 
does anyone know which homeless shelters provide wifi ? 
hitler wasn't that bad . c'mo n , he killed hitler . 
sochi nobody's going to be rushin there . 
i have found that a positive pregnancy test will cure hiccups . 
what's bill clinton's favorite instrument to play ? his whore monica . 
what's a priest on an egg called ? a brother 
what does a feminist use as a contraceptive ? her personality 
the waiting list for the wiiu ... . just got shorter in conneticut 
freebird ! when you purchase a bird of equal or lesser value . 
3 mods walk into a bar deleted 
october 10th was such a great day 10 10 
r jokes is broken 
what's bruce lee's favorite drink ? watahhh ! ! 
england football team are great at holding on in extra time . 
how long is a chinaman ? how long is a chinaman 
if usain bolt was an electrician ... his name would be usain volt 
what did the teenage crow want for his birthday ? a - caw ! 
someone came up to me and stole my candle i was incensed ! 
what are parents that you can see through ? transparents 
what's a terrorist's favorite game ? jenga 
no , sweetie . you can't see the moon with vernaculars . 
you're fat . fatty . 
what keyboard layout does miley cyrus use ? twerqy . 
i'm like global warming ... no one takes me seriously . 
what did the egg say at the party ? omelet 
at least my mother died doing what she loved ... committing suicide 
i used to play teeball ... i stopped playing after i struck out 
when does cpr become necrophilia ? 
small joke truth or dare dare order us pizza 
my girlfriend is like my bank account only there for the money 
how about a meat that is also a dental floss ? pitch for prosciutto 
what does stephen hawking say when his computer crashes ? nothing . 
i'm surprised god doesn't make christian rock bands sound better . 
what's the richest kind of air ? a millionaire . 
what is a terrorists favourite dessert ? ice is 
i killed someone with kindness today . blood everywhere . 
yo mama so greasy she sweats crisco ! 
if you're walking on sunshine , please adjust your dosage accordingly . 
why was 10 traumatized ? because it was in the middle of 9 11 
i became a vegetarian switched to weed . 
why are cows always broke ? the farmers milk them dry . 
where do all the orphan chickens end up ? foster farms 
what sound does a shotgun make ? cobain cobain 
what's got no teeth and smells ? the gearbox in the wife's car ... 
what do snowmen call their offspring ? chill - dren . 
how do you pick up a feminist ? like a bowling ball . 
i can't make casey anthony jokes . my mom would kill me ... 
monster : where do fleas go in winter ? werewolf : search me ! 
" half a dozen " because saying 6 is way too long ... 
the biggest lie " i have read the terms and conditions " 
what do you call a short , round - bellied salarian ? mordin volus 
the shortest way to piss off a hipster ... apple phone amp iwatch 
what do 7 million chevy's have in common ? i don't recall . 
who is in cowboy films and is always broke ? skint eastwood . 
if emblem were a bad employee ... would you fire emblem ? 
what time does sean connery like to go to wimbledon at ? tenish . 
in a parallel universe , two bars walk into a man . 
organized people are just people who are too lazy to look for things . 
what does a racist get for their birthday ? kk - cake 
pants up don't loot 
first rule of tortilla fight club - you don't talk about the taco bout 
godzilla on his smartphone , googling how many carbs does tokyo have 
hard work pays off in in the future laziness pays off now 
my biggest fear is dying in a car accident that doesn't destroy my phone 
advice to the worm sleep in late ! 
original content front page when ? 
why can't australians play chess ? they keep saying check , mate . 
who's the top selling author in russia ? salman rush b 
i am a proud member of grammar nazi ... and your not . 
why is santa's sack so big ? because he only comes once a year 
i climbed a really tall ladder . afterwards , i was rung out . 
my favorite word is plagiarism . i invented that word . 
what do you call a mentally challenged feather pillow ? a downs pillow . 
what do bernie sanders supporters call their parents ? roommates 
donald trump gets elected oops thought i was on r nosleep 
you guys know any sodium jokes ? na . 
nothing says neighbours quite like stealing each others wifi 
what do you call an epileptic puppy ? kibbles n fits . 
what is orange and sounds like a parrot ? a carrot . 
how do gingers make friends ? no seriously , im getting lonely . 
he died doing what he loved : almost crossing the street . 
jerk chicken is just regular chicken that made fun of me in high school 
sikh turban dude 
home is where your wi - fi connects automatically . 
why was the cat scared of the tree ? because of its bark 
what were the zodiac killer's plans for vacation ? to take a cruz . 
what do jfk and obama have in common ? well , nothing yet . 
uber is driving me to drink . literally . 
you know what i find odd ? every other number 
what is the unit of power ? yes 
what is it called when you call your ex ? ex - communication 
what do you call two crows ? attempted murder 
political jokes offend me ! they get elected too often . 
why are government buildings alike all around the world ? free masonry . 
what does a storm cloud have on beneath its clothes ? thunderwear ! 
son : can i get lunch money dad : i have a boyfriend 
* feels winds of change * realizes it's just a hole in my shorts 
why did serj tankian cross the road ? because he wanted to ... 
i think i might be a nihilist ... not that it matters ... 
how does a lawyer from panama play his guitar ? he shreds . 
what's brown and rhymes with snoop ? poop . there , you happy ? 
i bought a 32ft ruler . for extreme measures . 
three men walk into a bar ... the fourth one ducks . 
schooner or later , sailors ... ... engage in rudder nonsense . 
what does an astronaut do when he gets angry ? he blasts off : 
i've successfully made a time machine thank you kind stranger for giving me gold 
what is president clinton's favourite game ? swallow the leader . 
i got a paper cut writing my suicide note ... its a start 
what do you call a cheese that's not yours ? my cheese ! 
internet explorer ... the best browser for downloading a new browser 
american police . 
my phone never asks me to put my husband down . 
what do you call milk at the edge of a cliff ? legendary 
the only good mornings are the ones that start in the afternoon . 
how do hipsters buy their drugs ? by the instagram . 
my suicide notes just keep turning into grocery lists . 
what is a parrot's favorite game ? hide and speak ! 
what do you call a guy who always phones people ? colin . 
what was a poor roman citizen's favorite breakfast ? fruity plebbles . 
what did the italian man with dementia have for dinner ? forgetti bolognese . 
fb is the flanders of social media , twitter is moe . 
smokey the bear is the narc version of yogi bear . 
how do you grow a cow ? plant its nuts . 
what's the difference between humans and bullets ? humans miss harambe 
what's president obama's favorite vegetable ? barack - oli 
its prettey gutsy that u call urself a salad , potato salad 
what did the spanish fireman call his two sons ? jose and hoseb 
i wonder who is being john malkovich right now . 
they read them up side down why don't bats enjoy r jokes ? 
how do you save a pirate's life ? c p arrr ! 
no wonder jared lost weight ... he doesn't like footlongs . 
world's funniest joke : liverpool fc winning the barclays premier league 
today i don't feel like doing anything . except you 
what comes after q jokes ? r jokes 
did you hear about the statistician's party ? the dress code was causal . 
it's not that i'm a bad boyfriend . i'm just a horrible person . 
i see london , i see france ! i'm looking at google maps 
yesterday i bought stamps mailed something just like our ancestors the dinosaurs ! 
what do you call s'mo res in spanish ? s'ma s 
accountants are very clever opponents . they are used to being underestimated . 
what do you call an illegitimate female cow ? miss steak 
my friend got attacked by a bear recently it was really grizzly . 
what washes up on small beaches ? microwaves ! 
abortion ... ... it brings out the kid in you . 
to be frank , i would have to change my name . 
i think i burn most my calories at the gym untangling headphones . 
what do you call an overpriced and overhyped game ? no man's sky . 
to brie or not to brie . that is the queso . 
someone told me today that i'm pretentious ... moi ! ? ! ? 
what's the most important part about making a pokemon joke ? the exeggution ! 
divorce court is like regular court except the judge sentences you to freedom . 
good night , sleep tight , don't let mike tyson bite . 
which insect didn't play well in goal ? the fumble bee ! 
* rides off into sunset * * forgets mobile * * rides back * 
what gets whiter as it gets dirtier ? michael jackson ! 
wrong hole ! - a love story 
jay - z has an underachieving brother named lay . 
keep talking , someday you'll say something intelligent ! 
what does a guy call his diabetic girlfriend ? sweet pee 
three popes walk into a bar . wow , that place is popeular ! 
i once called my teacher mom i was home schooled 
the game you just lost . 
making snacks by san widge 
sorry i referred to your baby shower as a gift extortion party . 
nothing fcuks up your friday like realizing it's only thursday ! 
what killed the wicked witch of the west ? splash damage 
what do you call a kid with no arms or legs . names . 
did you hear about the famous nudist ? he wanted more exposure . 
if my husband asks , we took a lit course together in college 
round metal object they throw at the olympics discuss . 
my friend doesn't believe in gosh . i'm afraid he'll go to heck . 
how did hellen keller's parents punish her ? they gave her a basketball . 
i wonder ... ... how many people will read this in the bathroom . 
a joke my grandfather told me about insecurity never mind , it's stupid 
you know who hates unexpected visitors ? osama bin ladin 
a question that answers itself what is curiosity ? 
a dyslexic man walks into a bra 
the united states of america yeah , that's it . 
what happens when batman sees catwoman ? " the dark knight rises " 
excuse me , do you like graves ? yeah , i dig em . 
creation of bats god : stretch out that mouse 
people who quit reddit , what is life like now ? 
was billy idol ? no , he was moving at the time . 
i hate to toot my own horn , but : sad trombone . 
" goooooooaaaaalllll " - soccerates 
what's longer than most relationships these days ? this status . 
most people love a good munch box lunch * 
i hate buying velcro . . it's such a ripoff ! 
what is an mri's favorite music ? metal 
who do canadians call when their car breaks down . triple eh ! 
what kind of wood doesn't float ? natalie . 
why did the pop band get cancer ? they were radio active . 
i hate being bipolar . . it's great . 
what if someone was called zelnut then i'd be like hey zelnut 
a math teacher ought to be president ... to make america integrate again . 
two individuals decide to spend ramadan together ... they were fast friends ! 
why did the hipster die ? he thought breathing was too mainstream 
which vitamin best helps a pokemon breed ? pp up . 
what's green and sings ? elvis parsley 
her : i love it when we finish each other's him : pancakes 
to avoid a collision i ran into the other car . 
how does a feminist know she's overweight ? she doesn't 
" every cloud has a silver lining . " - terribly inaccurate meteorologist 
nothing worse than wasting a good mood by being around family . 
two wrongs don't make a right but two wrights make an airplane 
what do you call a funny jar of sauce lmayo 
writing a personal ad . so far i have : has all own teeth 
when there are no volunteers , they get appointed . 
the nhl's ability to punish players . 
einstein made a theory about space ... it was about time too . 
a fish swam into a wall ... dam . 
how did the rednecks find their sister ? pretty good . 
he died doing what he loved . he didn't know she was married . 
what is a stealth bomber's favourite banana in pajamas ? b - 2 
what sound does a 747 make when it bounces ? boeing boeing boeing 
poop jokes are great , but sometimes they're slightly corny . 
? police navidad police navidad police navidad , usemos mace y brutalidad ? 
you are what you eat ? * eats natalie portman * 
what's a cats favourite alcoholic drink ? whiskers on the rocks 
your momma's so fat newt gingrich wants to send astronauts to colonize her . 
i have coffee before looking at art . brews before hues . 
i had a near - life experience ... i nearly quit facebook . 
how does bran stark get into a whorehouse ? hodor . 
did you hear about the banana thief ? he's appealing his sentence 
i have good looking kids . thank goodness my wife cheats on me . 
why can't a bike stand on its own ? because it's two tired . 
what is a goal keepers favourite snack ? beans on post ! 
why can't the pirate get to any subreddits ? he keeps typing arrr 
i'm pretty sure our nanny's grandmother has died like seven times now ... ... 
why are there no penguins in britain ? they're scared of wales . 
what's the hardest thing about skydiving ? the ground 
botanists should run the fashion industry ... ... they really have style . 
i like my enemies how americans like their tea weak . 
what's the russian word for internet outage ? internjet 
tv that gets louder to compensate for when you are chewing . 
jokes about stuttering are a big big no no 
why did the girl reject the landfill owner ? his place is a dump 
what happens to deposed kings ? they get throne away . 
what song do isis members play during executions burn baby burn 
why are eskimos always alone ? because they like being ice - olated 
why is chili so annoying ? because it's always jalopeno business . 
drink triple . see double . act single . 
good news , insomniacs ! only 1 more sleep til christmas ! 
what's your best haiku ? 
what's the best part about being a mute ? it goes without saying ... 
whenever i'm naked in the bathroom , the shower gets turned on . 
what do you call a dead baby hanging on a wall ? art 
surprise your partner in the bedroom by loudly turning into a helicopter 
want to hear a dirty joke ? mud ! 
why was the broom late for work ? he overswept ! 
how do malaysian airlines serve all their drinks ? on the rocks 
what did the polygamist horse get on his wedding night ? a double bridle 
lawrence starts cooking lawrence checks twitter lawrence smells smoke lawrence fishburne 
what do you call an unemployed rastafarian ? ? jah - bless ! 
at least a zombie would love me for my brain . 
what did the fancy cat say when he wanted to leave ? le meow 
i like winter . . . . it's cooler than summer 
how many minutes after someone's fired is it cool to take their stapler ? 
i got together with a pig and ... i think she's my sowmate . 
what's fat , sweaty , and bad at cooking ? my ex wife ! 
my hands are really reliable i can always count on them . 
how did harry potter get down the hill ? walking . jk rowling . 
where does noah store his bees ? the ark - hives . 
baby shirt idea : did 9 months in solitary confinement 
what did bill cosby call donald trump ? a rookie . 
manslaughter : the sound a man makes when laughing . 
where does the general keep his armies ? up his sleevies ! 
my only talent is sleeping i could do it with my eyes closed . 
why do avon ladies walk funny ? their lipstick . 
men are like bank accounts . without money they won't generate much interest . 
there's no harm in pretending to smoke cigarettes 
what position makes the ugliest children ? ask your parents 
every now and then , getting lost means finding your way . 
shoutout to my upstairs neighbors who wrestled a large moose last night 
what star sign is a donut ? it's a taurus ! 
what's blue and not very heavy ? light blue 
of course , ludacris isn't his real name . it's louis d'cr istofferson . 
do girls budget their tears so they don't dehydrate other legitimate questions 
i am all for women receiving equal rights and lefts ! 
don't judge someone because they sin differently than you . 
got so drunk last night that i ate a salad 
what road do crazy people take ? the pyscho * * path * * 
why is the mushroom so popular ? because he's such a fungi . 
why were the german tomatoes drunk ? because they'd been on the vine . 
what's so fragile that even mentioning it breaks it ? the male ego . 
what do you call a tree that smokes weed ? snoop log 
how do i like my eggs ? umm in a cake . 
what's the most popular dance in warsaw ? the pole dance . 
the universal miss award goes to steve harvey . 
how do you break up with your girlfriend ? www . ashleymadison . com 
b oo p top view , front view , side view 
noah's flood god clearing his browser history 
why is mike pence magic ? he can turn fruits to vegetables 
today's word is legs . spread the word . 
who sends flowers on valentines day ? cupigs ! 
today was ... ... the best day of the year 
a self - checkout line with 0 mirrors what a joke 
have you guys seen the new ray rice's jersey it's a wife beater 
i bought pink cotton but my wife wanted purple sorry , wrong thread 
66 of being a woman is just hiding the remote when you're mad 
people who don't understand what i'm trying to say are anti - semantics . 
how did you get out of iraq ? iran 
my hit song would be " text me only " 
what does a nosy pepper do ? get jalapeno business . 
the awkward moment when you're wearing nike's and can't do i 
my internet bride got delivered today , she's the wifi always dreamed of . 
what kind of tumors do tough guys get ? heman - giomas 
what do you have when life gives you melons ? dyslexia . 
pizza places , we don't want cheesy bread . pizza is cheesy bread . 
last time i got caught stealing a calendar i got 12 months . 
being the president is seriously stressful . kennedy lost his mind ! 
kangaroo can jump higher than a house mostly because houses can't jump 
how do fish party seaweed 
you should always buy very high end speakers it's a sound investment 
what does a two - headed cat say ? ? weow ! 
is it legal for a man to marry his widow's sister ? 
what do you call a cow's mate ? its significant * udder * . 
what do you call a dead chicken that's haunting your house ? a poultrygeist 
which blood type was created by mistake ? type o . 
til if you buy the new macbook pro there is no escape . 
why do slovaks don't like czechs ? they prefer cash . 
what's the most offensive joke you've ever heard ? 
q : how do dogs order eggs at restaurants ? a : pooched . 
would orlando bloom ? no , but elijah wood . 
shut up . bees can't spell . 
the worst thing about rich people is that i'm not one of them . 
two women are sitting together quietly . . . 
i am glad ... that everyone reading this is on the same page . 
ikea meatballs there certainly a swedish 
on a scale of 1 to 10 how old is your girlfriend ? 
i'm absolutely certain by r . u . sure 
when does the narwhal bacon ? not on january 18th . 
how do hipsters measure weight ? in instagrams . 
how do you know someone went to harvard ? they tell you . 
whats long brown and sticky ? a stick 
after babe ruth died , the world became ruthless . 
a man walks into a bar he says " ouch ! " 
which spanish superhero has three wives ? amor - man 
i can odd . but i can't even . 
what do you call a cow that doesn't produce milk ? an udder failure 
i value your opinion as long as you don't offer it 
why did hitler need to get a new car ? his was stalin . 
what happened when the red ship and the blue ship crashed they were marooned 
what day do soldiers hate the most ? march fourth 
my new house has special needs it has a re - tarred driveway . 
tgif tongue goes in first 
" prepare for battle " they said yet they didnt prepare themselves 
what do you call a korean with special needs ? special k 
what is obama's last name ? care 
i secretly like days when none of my facebook friends have birthdays . 
what's the temperature in motown right now ? three degrees , four tops 
i'm hiring a motivational speaker for my lazy eye . 
do cannibals try to eat gymnasts ... for a more balanced diet ? 
what do you call a techno - themed grocery store ? gigi d'ag ostino 
when is decency going to be cool again ? 
what's the opposite of shell shock ? shell expectation 
alexander godunov is alexander a good dancer ? 
buzzfeed 1776 21 declarations you won't believe ! 
how do you mathematically describe the tempo of global warming ? al gore rhythm 
marriage in new jersey should be between a tan and a woman . 
who did the pirate lose his virginity to ? his first mate . 
what do you do to backwards scented muffins ? sniffum 
dwarf shortage i know , it's a short joke 
why do scottish men wear kilts ? sheep can hear zippers . 
why was cloud trying to cheer up sky ? he looked a little blue 
my saturday was going pretty well ... until i realised it was sunday 
how do nuns surf the web ? on the hymnternet . 
how come the t rex was an excellent stenographer ? short hands . . 
i'd completely forgotten i had a boomerang it just came back to me . 
better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot . 
i have developed an intolerance to gluten - - free people 
jesus christ . . ... 
you know that movie anaconda ? they filmed it in my pants . 
poetry would be a lot harder if violets were orange . 
what is somailias national dish ? an empty plate 
chuck norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun . 
how do you get pikachu on the bus ? poke em on ! 
sarah jessica parker ? horse . 
what dog is the worst at polishing a turd ? a poodull 
85 of canadian moms need you to fix their computer this afternoon 
your momma so ugly ... not even ripley can believe it 
what is a french bakers lifestyle like ? its a life of pain 
why did the devil buy so many shoes ? he wanted their soles . 
a picture is worth three , maybe four words tops . 
what do old people often do ? die 
kanye west always looks like someone just told him a movie spoiler . 
* crawls seductively across bed * * elbow gives out * 
3 politicians go to heaven ... 
what does 90 year old pu y taste like ? depends ... 
did some doomsday prepping today have enough food for 71 minutes 
when is a door a container ? when it is ajar ! 
what do you call a popular joke on reddit a repost 
i drink because i care . about me . and drinks . 
how does the queen bee get around the hive ? she's throne . 
baby , it's cold outside . i checked my weather app . 
nothing moves faster than a girl untagging herself from an ugly picture . 
conjunctivitis . com now there's a site for sore eyes . 
sometimes it seems like anthony weiner doesn't even have a sense of huma . 
when his i . q . reaches 50 , he should sell . 
not everyone that comes into your life needs to stay there . 
where does geography and geography meet ? the bermuda triangle . 
how do you call fish with no eyes fsh 
you know , sometimes bad things happen to exactly the right people . 
what would you call a terrible piece of gold ? absolutely auful ! 
jared was a good eater but he always left a little behind 
go ahead and cremate your grandma , you've urned it . 
hell hath no fury like a woman slightly inconvenienced . 
what's the most dangerous place in an excel file ? c4 
30 wolves 28 sheep how many did not 10 
what idiot called it a best man instead of a lord of the rings 
i need to get baked ... goods for the staff party this afternoon . 
we should legalize heroin just for the commercials alone 
slept like a log last night woke up in the fireplace . 
superman wears chuck norris underpants . 
who does a dead pharaoh talk to ? his mummy . 
it's not really fast food if fat people can catch it . 
what's the opposite of running away and getting married ? anteloping . 
a joke told by the mods of this sub . " long " 
i'm badman ! bad to whom ? whoman ! 
what's red and green and wears boxing gloves ? a fruit punch . 
what is mcdonald's demolition service called ? quarter pounder . 
poker never works well in africa ethiopians always eat the chips 
maybe 6 of pens work . terrible job , pen manufacturers . 
i thought i was wrong once but i was mistaken 
say what you want about deaf people 
the anesthesiologist has become comfortably numb . 
what do you call batman who skips church ? christian bail 
i hate three things in this world : math 
which film star is always jumping around the forest ? john treevaulter . 
animal testing is pointless . we already know they're animals . 
what song do pigs sing on new year's eve ? auld lang swine . 
why do women have legs ? have you seen the mess snails make ? 
modern haircuts by sean head 
what is donald trump's favorite holiday ? cinco de porto ! 
i give this cheese an " a " i grated it myself 
i have a nice body . it's out in the trunk . 
babe ruth walks into a bar bartender says " why the long balls ? 
how does the ultimate warrior repair his car ? with parts unknown . 
what is minion's favourite brand ? banana republic ba na na 
the pleasure is all mine ... the greeting of a greedy hedonist . 
what happens when you drop a piano in a mine ? a flat minor 
why are rivers lazy ? because they never get off their beds . 
my 20y o brother went to elementary school . . to learn firebending 
what's a control freaks favorite macro ? control u 
have you seen stevie wonders new house ? he hasn't either 
what i hate most . i hate people who never finish their sent 
whats blue and doesn't fit anymore a dead epileptic 
life is like a game of chess the whites have the advantage 
i'm starting to think people are having babies solely for the facebook likes . 
rap videos are completely unrealistic . nobody has that many friends . 
i wish i had emo hair so it would cut itself . 
the female praying mantis ... knows how to get ahead in life . 
i'm worried that i'm gonna get a super judgey coroner . 
usually , the one you want , is the one you can't have . 
matchbooks exist just to be clues in detective movies . 
what do you call four bees ? ? ... . be - fore 
didn't think these orthopedic shoes would work , but i stand corrected . 
what do they call miley cyrus in france ? kilometrey cyrus . 
why are condors such efficient fliers ? all their luggage is carrion . 
* tips fedora at mosquito * m'la ria 
drinking this no more tears shampoo is just making me sadder . 
if you fall i will be there - floor 
hear about the baby with aids ? it never gets old ... 
where do the happy people of baltimore live ? in a merry land . 
why can't you trust atoms ? because they make up everything . 
what do you call a fish who went to medical school ? a sturgeon 
there's a band called 1023mb they haven't had any gigs yet ... 
just did some crunches while hugging my cat just trying to get purrfect abs 
jokes about menstrual cycles are stupid period . 
i'm not crying those damn ninjas are cutting onions again 
currently , the olympic host country has ... one brazillian medals . 
sixteen sodiums walk into a bar ... ... followed by batman . 
white boards aren't just great they're remarkable 
what's the difference between bud light and piss ? the vortex bottle 
how does a plant walk ? it uses a plant stand . 
i hate using abbreviations idk y i h8 it doe 
* sees guy buying toilet paper * ahahaha that's gonna be for poop 
what do you call a scary pterodactyl a terroradactyl 
" i prefer their older stuff " - archaeologists 
if there's no god , why are feet naturally shoe - shaped ? 
i just brushed a whole tooth without looking at twitter 
pinterest is a great place to organize ideas you'll never follow through on . 
i had a dream about mufflers and tailpipes and woke up exhausted 
he died doing what he loved , my now ex - wife 
why do bees have sticky hair ? they use honeycombs . 
odd how all the intelligent life finding instruments are pointed away from earth . 
gimmie a topic and i'll make a joke . go . 
do hesitant people order sparagus ? 
what do you call a gathering of nuns a convent - tion 
why aren't there any jokes about jonestown ? the punchline was too long 
if betty white killed someone , i wouldn't turn her in . 
fun fact about germany ... fooled ya ... there's nothing funny about germany 
who granted the fish's wish ? fairy codmother 
what's the first thing you install on a new computer ? the operating system 
where do adolescent gangsters go ? the childhood 
hi and welcome to hidden chair club . please find your seat 
where do bacteria like to vacation ? germany 
where is the best way to hide a nutella ? i'm nutelling you 
read it and weep : a book on how to cry 
a shark walked into a bark ... 
business people in the uk like their beards like they like their tea goatee 
what did the zombie body builder say ? gainsss ! ! ! 
why did the condom hit the wall ? it was pissed off . 
what bounces and makes kids cry ? my child support checks . 
" ask your doctor if you're naive enough for placebo . " 
a terrorist walks into a akbar 
what is bread's most deadly sin ? gluteny 
how does a mathematician get tan ? sin cos 
which mythical creature casts no reflection ? all of them , technically . 
what is gucci mane's favorite kind of cheese ? gruyeauuuurrrrrrrrrr 
the volume of sewage burdening my local treatment works is rising excrementally . 
hey guys remember to visit russia before they visit you . 
remembering idioms is easy it's not rocket fuel 
i've got a good knock knock joke . but you have to start it 
i'm vegan until my next paycheck . 
vegan pizza ... . is basically just the box . 
you haven't experienced awkward until you tickle someone who isn't ticklish . 
how'd the hillbilly stump the trump ? he berned it . 
why don't vegans eat chicken ? because it contains egg ... 
why did the mafia cross the road ? hey forget about it 
an italian family is sitting quietly at a table in a restaurant 
this joke is at least 10x dirtier than i thought . . . volkswagen 
do mailmen like opening their own mail or does it feel like work ? 
did you hear about the man who cooled to absolute zero ? he's 0k 
hand sanitizer : helping us discover paper cuts we never knew we had 
my husband's safe word is cramp ! 
how are a piano and a squirrel alike ? they both aren't artichokes 
* lights a joint * woah , fire ! ow ! my elbow ! 
* brings a hammer to a thumb war . * 
how do you say thanksgiving in native american ? last supper 
why does the pirate wear camouflage underwear ? to hide his booty . 
chuck norris doesn't have blood . he is filled with magma . 
i before e except after c . yes another myth disproven by science . 
why cant you suprise a snow man ? because its an inanimate object . 
i before e except after c and in old mcdonnald had a farm . 
i prefer shampoo to the real thing . 
whats the worst thing about manufacturing tabletops ? it's counterproductive 
why was the baby strawberry sad ? his mom was in a jam . 
knock knock . who's there ? ric flair . ric flair whooo ? ! 
what mythical creature is the most bloody ? a hemogoblin ! 
i quit cold turkey . i just reheat it now . 
what do composers prepare their ingredients on ? a chopin board 
what did jaws call his solo banking firm ? loan shark . 
a good wife always forgives her husband when she's wrong . 
do you have 11 protons ? because you're sodium fine ... 
what's a sailor's least favorite color ? maroon 
what not to upvote clickbait 
i can tell so much about a person just by guessing . 
why did john snow get an iphone ? for the watch . 
fyi don't make snow angels in a dog park . 
earth got put in milky way special ed for being bi - polar . 
what do you call a weak cup of tea ? subtlety . 
she criticized my apartment ... so i knocked her flat 
i've lost all control of my vowels ... now i'm completely in consonant . 
best gaming joke ever . . . . riot match making 
people who are complaining of shoveling driveways , haven't you heard of moving ? 
how can donald trump avoid impeachment ? by dropping out now . 
which is reddit's favourite element ? m'ly bdenum . 
whoever invented the forklift over estimated the weight of forks 
i'm 6'5 " and i can't stop talking down to everyone 
what happened when the uss enterprise got a new toilet ? william shatner 
how was the red sea made ? over a very long period . 
http : www . youtube . com watch ? v kfhqzwnmo_q klk utede dicen 
how many ways are there to please a guy ? three way . 
what would kim jong un call his children ? his young'un s 
i have a voluntary version of tourette's . 
most boots are made for walkin . chuck norris boots ain't that merciful . 
does anyone want a vacuum cleaner ? mine's just gathering dust . 
i'd catch a gently thrown tennis ball for you . 
i'm pretty sure morgan freeman was narrating while the universe was being created 
relationship status siri saw my browser history now she isn't talking to me either 
movies you wish tom cruise would star in : remission impossible 
the latest news from the boston bombing authorities think it was race related . 
you miss 100 of the shots you don't take ... - lee harvey oswald 
i used to be into infantalism ... i eventually grew out of it . 
was that pun intended ? nope , unintended . 
can't sleep . boss is watching . 
what does canadian fonzie say ? eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeey , eh ? 
what keeps running and doesn't get tired ? a kenyan child . 
what's it called when you kidnap a ghost ? a polter - heist 
what kind of socks do you find in your backyard ? garden hose . 
high cholesterol food will always have a special place in my heart . 
if you ever see a creepy clown ... go for the juggler 
of course size matters . no one likes a small pizza . 
what happened to the adhesive suicide bomber ? he glue up . 
wait , 12 years a slave isn't about marriage ? 
the important thing to remember is that nobody asked you . 
why are jalapenos so annoying ? because they get jalapeno business . 
i tried dusting after five energy drinks now my house is on fire . 
the quickest way to avoid a conversation on facebook is by clicking like . 
5 scientists out of 6 say that russian roulette is safe 
why did the vampire go to hospital ? he wanted his ghoulstones removed . 
* makes plans with someone * 30 seconds later what have i done 
i pinched out a bowel movement while reaching for a stool . 
why hasn't joe entered the race yet ? he's just biden his time . 
i just had an espresso who wants to joust ? 
actually , i thought 50 shades of grey was about taco bell meat . 
a wise man once said nothing . 
when it comes to making jokes about heart palpitations i never skip a beat 
where do modern - day pirates come from ? somaaaaaarlia 
i remember 2016 like it was just yesterday 
did you hear about the kidnapping ? its ok , they're awake now 
what piece of furniture can you always trust ? a reputable . 
what do you call a foreign born communist running for president ? ted cruz 
you can't hear a pterodactyl pee ... because it's silent . 
want to hear my limousine joke na its too long 
this is gonna be a really long one . ooooooooooooooooooooooooooonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnneeeeeeeeee 
cyber monday ! a s l ? 
what is the favorite pokemon of a smoked meat sandwich ? raichu 
i'm a dyslexic tree ... my life is a - ok ! 
life hack use your seat belt buckle to open your beer while driving 
i hate those unrealistic movies where women are friends . 
how to you make an octopus laugh ? ... you give it ten tickles 
what is cheese's favorite music genre ? r and brie 
" how is this grilling you ? " - mom's 44th question 
what word in the dictionary is spelled incorrectly ? incorrectly 
what is this world cup and can i drink from it ? 
what's an australian's favorite element ? gold 
breadbowl soup should be called arkansas soup because it's in bread 
what's a parrot's favourite game ? monopoly ! 
hate flying ? try american airlines . they do too . 
i drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol . 
why are there no feminists in japan ? because they hunt whales . 
what do you call 20 millionaires watching the superbowl ? the dallas cowboys 
what fun drink can put your kid to sleep ? bleach 
how do chickens connect online ? facebawk ! 
the difference between dead babies and vegetables ? i don't eat my vegetables . 
unsettling sounds 23 - ice - cream van after dark 
i'd be scared to buy an lg tv liam neeson may find me ! 
what breaks when you give it to a toddler ? her hips . 
why does everyone hate german sausage jokes ? because they're the wurst . 
so many women , so little time to disappoint them all . 
why can stephen hawking only do one liners because he can't do stand ups 
jeb bush uses a dangerous method to make a lasting change . jeb ! 
click to see something special something special 
what cross road chicken 
what is the definition of masurbation ? coming unscrewed 
just realized that i'm finally too fat to do things during summer . 
im not your friend , buddy 
where did the newlywed horses stay ? in the bridle suite ! 
waitress : would you like another drink ? me : are you new ? 
what's a pirate's favorite digital image format ? tarrrrrga 
thinking about getting a nutritional value label tattooed on my inner thigh . 
never throw a battery at someone you'll get charged with battery 
someone stole my microsoft office and they're gonna pay . you have my word 
how do ghosts get ghouls interested in them ? they wooooooooooooooooooo them . 
what did one pig say to the other ? let's be pen pals ! 
what do moths study at school ? mothmatics 
why were the vets and pounds mad ? it was raining cats and dogs 
the united states government . 
who is the coolest person in the hospital ? the ultrasound man . 
my girlfriend snores very loudly guess she knows how to sleep soundly 
why do italians wear gold necklaces ? so they know where to stop shaving 
reddit's future 
stephen hawking walks into a bar haha just kidding 
forever 21 ... pounds overweight 
yo mama so fat the hulk couldn't even lift her up 
please don't cry seeing your tears makes me have to pee 
sia's full name is : " sia ... wouldntwannabia . " 
do extremely fat people still call them laptops ? 
why doesn't orange rhyme with anything ? because it's a mandarin word 
show me on this lemon where life gave it to you . 
in soviet unicorn , rainbow poops you ! 
what is the most popular game played by tornadoes ? - catch my drift 
why didn't the shrimp share his food ? ? he was a little shellfish 
was jfk born in usa ? doubtful , he sounds kennedyan ! 
" these fries are too crispy " - inventor of the microwave 
i'm growing my prostate to raise awareness for moustache cancer . 
to me funny is beautiful . 
why aren't lions cannibals ? they can't swallow their pride . 
sometimes i go days without even thinking about the alamo . 
being an adult is 99 wondering how you hurt your back . 
how did wendy die ? the baconator . 
why is the ocean salty ? because land doesn't wave back . 
what part of a hospital does an abortion patient avoid ? the right wing 
i have a very dry sense of humor . so i drink moisturizer . 
the fastest way to make 500 : start stock investment with 1000 
every time i tell dad jokes he laughs 
i eat bits of metal all day ... it's my staple diet . 
a dyslexic gets to heaven . god says woof . 
according to my autocorrect , i'm wearing edible pantries 
i downloaded corn onto my computer . it messed up the kernel . 
german sausage ain't it the wurst ? 
why is cocaine the alt - right's favorite drug ? white powder ! 
diarrhoea runs in my jeans 
why are gardeners good at spreading religion . because they can plant churches . 
what's brown and runny ? usain bolt . 
what is the most positive thing in africa ? hiv 
what keyboard shortcut do the elderly have the most trouble with ? ctrl p 
mime ninja silent , but deadly . 
wanna hear a joke about cats ? haha , just kitten . 
a procrastinator walks into a bar i'll post the rest later . . 
what happens on santa's lap ... ... stays on santa's lap . 
kitty pryde walks into a bar something is disrupting her mutant power . 
statistically , 6 out of 7 dwarves are not happy . 
* feels the chill * chill : i have a boyfriend 
how did the aliens hurt the farmer ? they trod on his corn . 
little known fact : a penguin's head can rotate 390 degrees . once . 
what do you call the survivors of the holocaust ? residue . 
atoms make up everything ... so naturally you shouldn't trust them . 
i broke up with my gym we just weren't working out . 
i wasn't snoring . . i was dreaming i'm a dirt bike . 
what is the stupidest animal in the jungle ? the polar bear . 
justin bieber ? why would someone call their daughter justin ? 
how do you hire an elephant ? stand it on four bricks ! 
drinking remember , it isn't drinking alone when you're pregnant . 
i pick and choose the traffic laws i'll follow . 
when stoves die ... they go to hoven . i'm so sorry 
what is a childs's favourite type of halloween candy ? lots a candy . 
i'm really bad at making at fences oops , wrong place for this post 
two unconnected vertices ? that's where i draw the line . 
i don't like going to the beach . i'm a playa hater . 
what is colder than the dwarf planet pluto ? legal judgements against fathers 
i'm not saying you're an idiot , i'm typing it . 
facebook : where english goes to die . 
i wear gasoline for cologne because b * tches love money . 
if donald trump became president ... one could say he coined a term . 
sorry i romantically ran a seagull feather across your lips . 
how many questions did the politician answer ? 9 11 
what do chickens serve at birthday parties ? coop - cakes ! 
it looks like a booger but it's snot ! 
trump and hillary are in a plane crash . who survives ? america 
what do you get when you cross ebola and tourette syndrome ? 
women's rights 
what does a dog like to wear when it's exercising ? pants . 
the frog was double parked ... and that's why she got toad . 
what do you get hanging from orange trees ? sore arms . 
why can't helen keller drive a car ? because she's dead . 
what is the thing called that irrigates your lawn ? a garden jose . 
what i if told you you that read wrong and that probably too 
pardon me while i slip into something a little more ... unconscious . 
how many south americans are boycotting the world cup final ? brazilians 
what's the one thing spider - man can't eat ? uncle bens rice 
why did the flume ride need repairs ? because it got waterlogged . 
what does a plumber call screwing his wife nsfw servicing the dishwasher 
why do owls not mate when it's raining ? toowet towoo 
what kind of horses only come out after dark ? nightmares ! 
what brings the monster's babies ? the frankenstork . 
march into battle by sally forth 
" you are what you eat . " i'm about 90 burrito . 
what is your favourite shaggy dog tale ? 
why did the ac wave try to hang himself ? he was sinusoidal . 
what does a neckbeard call a disease or ailment ? ma'la dy 
what does the h in jesus h christ stand for ? haploid 
your mom's like a gong , everybody bangs her . 
library asked librarian for book on suicide . said no one returns them . 
airplane food whats up with that ? 
what causes something to go up and then down ? viagra falls 
why does this bottle of body wash have directions printed on it 
what got the apple into skydiving ? pear pressure . 
have you seen the world's biggest thermometer ? i hear it's fair in height 
how do teenage boys keep warm ? jackit 
what's that one place in thailand called ? ahh phuket . nevermind . 
english joke - what's another name for santa's elves ? subordinate clauses 
what kind of pizza do pilots like ? plain . 
i'm surprised the human race doesn't solve more conflicts with warm bread . 
i'm more than tenacious . i'm elevenacious . 
why do husbands typically die before their wives ? they want to . 
where do sjws belong ? in an oven . 
starbucks needs a separate line for people who say " um " 
every onion looks like it was in an abusive relationship . 
women are good for 70 things . cleaning house , and 69 
i hate russian dolls they're so full of themselves . 
i like my comedic timing like my pizza delivery with pepperoni . 
why does the us name arkansas arkansas because its arkansas not yourkansas 
i'm on a dinghy ! 
what do syrian refugees eat for breakfast ? syrial ! 
what does a duck put in its burrito ? quackamole . 
runs with scissors gets hit by bus 
what is white and 14 inches long ? nothing . 
" nobody knows my suffering . " - everybody 
what meme do uber drivers hate ? do you even lyft , bro ? 
how do astronomers plan a party ? they planet . 
why do vampires hate texas roadhouse ? they can not stand stakes ! 
turns out there is no easter today , they found the body . 
why did the lettuce blush ? because he saw the salad dressing 
who was mako mori's existentialist monk brother ? memento . 
guess drunk ? i'm what ! 
poor superman . he can't go commando without the whole world noticing 
what do root vegetables do at tha club ? turnip 
of all the martial arts , karaoke inflicts the most pain . 
" that was supposed to be a compliment . " - men 
every minute in america ... costs you 5 dollars . 
why do gorillas have such big nostrils ? because they have big fingers 
what does the pillsbury dough boy hide under his apron ? dough nuts ! 
i'd rather have leg hands than arm feet . 
can a ninja bring a ninja star into the airport ? shuriken . 
leave me alone grandma i'm entertaining literally tens of people on the internet 
" welcome to fightclub you may now kiss the bride . " 
if you can't do what's right you can always do what's left 
seaside treats by rhoda donkey 
what does former vice president gore play on the guitar ? an algorithm 
what do you call a terrorist video store ? blockbuster 
this guy just threw milk on me ! how dairy ... . 
i tried snorting coke once ... but the bubbles kept burning my nose . 
don't give your heart to someone unless you're 100 certain that you're dead . 
cat lovers their pets also qualify for the obnoxious neighbor award . 
beer commercials really overestimate how many attractive people live in my apartment building . 
want to hear a joke about nitric oxide ? sodium hypobromite 
i like my women like my chicken ... white meat only . 
how do witches lose weight ? they join weight witches . 
the laser weapon by ray gunn 
what's darth vader's least favorite temperature ? luke warm . im sorry 
what is the most religious medicine ? the deacon gestant 
what do you call playing chess against yourself ? chessturbation . 
what does a baby computer call its father ? data . 
hey friend wanna hear a joke ? another time . 
advice to women : don't confuse men with credit cards . 
where do siths do their shopping ? at the darth mall 
being all talk and no action sounds relaxing . 
how do you get a red wine stain off a baby ? 
what do you call adrian monk when he's angry ? rasputin 
the food in our school canteen is perfect . if your a bug ! 
what type of web developer likes finding bugs spiders 
what does ebenezer scrooge serve at his christmas party ? humburgers ! 
women like silent men ... they think they're listening ! 
do the french play video games ? wii 
golf is probably fun if you like walking around outside in business casual . 
what's medusa's favorite cheese ? hehehe . . gorgon - zola 
before calling me , ask yourself , " is this textable ? " 
if you give your dog a middle name i hope he runs away 
my friends say i have a gambling addiction ... i bet i don't . 
what happened when bush took bin laden's lunch money ? 9 11 . 
if yoko ono gave you herpes ... would that be strawberry fields forever ? 
why are cars faster than motorcycles ? because motorcycles are two tired . 
i ate some crickets last night . gave me the runs . 
what was hitler's favorite game ? nahtzee . 
is mingerbread the opposite of stud muffin ? 
what is a nazi baker's secret ingredient ? white flour ! 
this pizza looks like a pie chart of 100 good news . 
what lights up a football stadium ? a football match ! 
why shouldn't anybody help cats down a tree ? because they're stuck up 
what's a capitalist's favourite dessert ? profiteroles . bad , i know . 
i've been told i'm oblivious . i had not noticed this . 
when two idiots have the same dumb idea ... special minds think alike 
how's your homophone needlepoint project coming along ? sew sew 
collection of totally offensive jokes , not for the faint hearted 
offensive jokes ? is there a subreddit for this ? 
there's something about curling ... ... that rubs me the wrong way . 
onion books . read em and weep . credit to andrew o'ni el . 
the key to comedy ? perfect del ivery 
ill draw a drawer but i won't doodle a doodle . 
yelling someone's name in different voices until they finally hear you 
what do redditors give one another on christmas ? gifs . 
how do philosophers shave off their beards ? occam's razor 
why is fishing dangerous ? sometimes , there's a catch 
a day in court 
best alzheimer's joke 
why was the beach wet ? because the sea - weed . 
mean jokes are like children with cancer . they never grow old . 
how are neutrinos and i alike ? were both constantly penetrating your mom 
how do protestants like their orange juice ? without pope 
my husband needed more space ... so i locked him outside 
joke of the week ... r leagueoflegends lmow 
what is the awesomest funniest or even smartest joke u've ever heard 
nobody uses dvds . most of em use torrents . hence dvd rip 
never cry for an onion that doesn't deserve you . 
where's the safest place to hide money from a man ? under the soap 
the number of stds i can spell without autocorrect really bothers me . 
getting mad at commercials for having interracial families 
nobody loves your text conversation screenshot as much as you do . 
me and my baby mama are gonna name the kid pun it wasn't intended 
bee . the reason he needs an epi pen . 
i bet cats are sad that they don't have a middle finger . 
i like camping but ... it's so in tents 
how do rednecks celebrate halloween ? they pump kin . 
a boy ate a pb and jelly sandwich and then died 
how can you avoid falling hair ? get out of the way . 
why do businesses move to india ? because they worship prophets ! 
our conscience is clear - we don't use it . 
what kind of pictures do hermit crabs take ? shellfies 
drake started from the bottom . of darwin's evolution chart . 
i'm emotionally unavailable but i make up for it by being completely unattractive . 
funny , this warrant doesn't feel so outstanding . 
why do white girls help fight heartburn ? because they're so basic . 
everyone has a photographic memory , some don't have film . 
how does a rice burner start a street race ? with a pilaf . 
why can't you see elephants hiding in trees ? ... because they are hiding 
to those who hate birds . i think they're pretty fly myself . 
when it comes time to claiming kids on your income tax . hood rich 
why shouldn't you kiss someone on january 1st ? because its the first date 
what does a horse and kryptonite have in common ? they both paralyze superman 
what's the difference between reddit and facebook ? reddit is better 
someone asked me to stop singing wonderwall i said maybe 
what do you get if you group 8 sodium atoms together ? batman . 
the definition of an oxymoron r productivity 
a penny saved ... ... is 350 trillion zimbabwe dollars earned ! 
don't know whether to be disturbed or enchanted that the word sesquipedalian is onomatopoetic 
how many electrons does a negatively charged oxygen atom have ? nion 
yay ! the democrats won the world series ! 
tell me what just happened in france ! ... oh , nice ! 
why did the horny girl go to subway ? for a 5 footlong . 
the best things in life are free * plus shipping and handling * 
how do you like your eggs ? over here 
did you hear about the new transgender operation ? it's called a strapadictomy 
what's christopher nolan's favorite song ? bbbrraaaaaaahhhhhmmm ... s lullaby . 
* ruins your party with a can of serious string * 
what do eskimos get from sitting on the ice ? polar - oids 
do you think that a funeral director signs his letters with yours eventually ? 
your hips may not lie but your pushup bra is a sociopath . 
how does a one liner hurt its readers ? with its punchline 
a book never written : " secret societies " by e . lumin audi 
i would flex but i like this t - shirt . 
why was the butcher depressed ? because his life was in shambles . 
i'm the guy that starts walking away as you're giving me directions . 
what did the roman premature ejaculater say ? veni , vidi , veni . 
what do you call playful insults between terrorists ? talibanter 
what's a somali's favorite sport ? cross - country 
i had a 12 inch italian last night then i went to subway 
who let the dogs out ? ramsay bolton . 
what's worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm ? the holocaust 
which group of people are the best at jazz ? the saxons ! 
there's this great joke i read on 9gag ... 
wanna hear a pizza joke ... never mind it's too cheesy 
what do you call a fake sony phone ? phony 
what do skeletons like to put on their meat ? grave - y . 
why are chemists such whores ? they keep talking about their nitrates 
i quit watching awards shows , because i never win anything . 
i tell you what makes my blood boil , faulty spacesuits . 
what did the potato name his son ? chip . sorry . 
of course my days are numbered . . that's how calendars work . 
what's the square root of 69 ? eight something . 
what snakes are good at sums ? adders ! 
why is peter pan always flying ? because he never never lands ! 
not to get technical but according to chemistry alcohol is technically a solution 
siri , fight alexa . 
dead memes are like dead babies they never get old . 
why did mary fell from the swing ? because she hasn't got arms ! 
how do weathermen get up a mountain ? they climate 
how are people from kentucky like flour ? they're inbred . 
why do trash pandas always get into a fight ? they trash talk . 
just accidentally deleted all my contacts . best day ever . 
confucius say ... man who walks everyday barefoot will have a tough sole 
what did one train track say to the opposite track ? wanna race ? 
i'm homy ... i bet 99 of you pervs misread that . 
i have 1 queston for u what are thoooose 
no matter how kind you are , german children will always be kinder . 
you - the food smells wonderful me - that's me i burped 
what would be a good dating site for rednecks ? myheritage . com 
what's the right age to tell a film that it's adapted ? 
tax time is when i'm grateful that i'm detal oriented . 
how do you raise a baby elephant ? with a fork lift truck ! 
" i'm cold " - a talking ice cube or a woman 
what metallica song does captain america hate ? trapped under ice . 
i hate tacos . - said no juan ever 
what does batman put in his drinks ? just ice . 
i have feelings for you . please take them and leave . 
what did anakin say when the princess asked for his credit card ? naboo 
priest bends over my coffin seductively revealing a thong to the entire funeral 
the worst thing about parallel parking is witnesses . 
why can't astronauts stay in a long term relationship ? they need space . 
50 shades of letting people on the train know you're not getting laid 
what did the fish say when it swam into the wall ? dam . 
how do you shut donald trump up ? muzzle - im 
how come ants don't go to the church ? they are in sects . 
what is donald trump's rap name ? toupee fiasco 
how do zombies communicate in times of war ? cryptic code . 
like a good neighbor , statefarm is ... 
what did jay - z call beyonce before they got married ? feyonce 
reason for er visit : injured in a masturbatory frenzy again . 
women are generally speaking 
have you heard what i think of windmills ? big fan . 
don't spell part backwards it's a trap 
why don't violists get stressed ? because they have nothing to fret about ! 
this fibonacci joke is as bad as the last two you heard combined 
what do you call two canadians buy coffee ? double double doubles 
what is hitler's favorite type of car ? a fuhrari 
burn victims never travel alone they always stick together 
what idiot named her miley cyrus grandma and not nana montana . 
what does a zen ghost say ? boo , duh ... 
do you know how to avoid click bait ? obviously not ... 
according to really smart people i should have started saving 20 years ago . 
60 of all secretaries can type ... the other 40 are huntn peckers . 
what is life like for a wood worm ? boring ! 
turkey is going to get served very soon 
where does beef come from ? cowschwitz . 
what's worse than a talking parrot joke ? the holocaust . 
what does a dog get at the vet ? fixed 
what do vegetarian worms eat ? ? linda mcartney 
eli5 : how preventing users from submitting anything to subs helps anything . 
why cant paul walker use tumblr ? he only sticks to the dashboard 
why doesn't a rooster wear underwear ? becuase his peckers on his head 
you've said it before and i'll say it again - plagiarists 
all my jokes are lost baggage ... you'll get them in a couple days 
daaaaamn girl ! you're like a fire alarm ! really loud and annoying ! 
i've decided to sell my hoover ... . . it was just collecting dust 
buckwheat has converted to islam he is now known as kareem of wheat . 
where do dinosaurs get their pickles from ? vlasic park 
let's play horse i'll be the front end and you be yourself . 
my beard has grown so much . it's time to ... shampoo . 
do women who complain about never getting laid know about men ? 
what do you call a muscular arab ? protein sheikh 
what's the best time to go to a dentist ? two thirty 
commercial for soup narrator : ever wanna drink a sandwich ? 
how do you poison a hipster ? gluten 
i love getting halloween candy ... it makes me snicker s . 
what fish is best to have in a boat ? a sailfish . 
my new fragrance is called failure and smells roughly like a bowling alley . 
you look fat is both an ice - breaker and a bone - breaker 
hillary clinton is sick according to doctors ... i pneu it all along . 
net flips and krill ? - killer whale text 
i like musical dramas . they really strike a chord with me . 
you had me at i've had 8 vodkas i hate my boyfriend 
why does the dog go to the gym ? he wants to get ruff 
saying " unwanted houseguests " is redundant . i just call them houseguests . 
wh is bhdiffrnece bet ? wen corn it's the method 
why did bowie die ? i guess he was shot through the heart 
army jokes by major laugh 
a women asked " what is the best way to avoid clickbait ? " 
what is a horse's favourite wine ? equine . 
i just did absolutely nothing for this klondike bar . 
what kind of pants does the godfather wear ? al pa - chinos 
what did the priest say to the church of vegetables ? lettuce pray . 
hillary clinton style condoms ! * rigged for her pleasure * 
which fraternity was george lucas in during college ? psi phi . 
how many mangoes make a dozen ? six girls 
how do you make a whore moan ? with peptides ... sicko . . 
damn girl are you a humpback whale ? because you're very deep . 
what travels around the world but stays in one corner ? postage stamp 
my favorite pastime is roasting marshmallows over the bridges i burn . 
you know what really makes my day ? the rotation of the earth 
recreational drugs ? no thanks , i went pro years ago . 
reddit is like my ex . the biggest time waster ever . 
tips african country m'la wi 
everyone's inner douche comes out when naming their wifi network . 
did you hear peter dinklage got pickpocketed ? who would stoop that low ? 
i never miss my girlfriend ... i can hit her every time . 
how did spartacus feel about going down on his wife ? he was gladiator 
how to talk to women who are inside an mri tube 
what's the difference between you and an egg ? an egg gets laid . 
what is large , grey and sings great jazz songs ? elephants gerald 
caffeine - free diet coke : because you love caramel color 
whodunnit ? by ivor clew 
my nights 50 sleeping 50 avoiding getting up to pee 
why don't pirates get invited to birthday parties ? because they always steal doubloons 
what kind of fish will help you hear better ? a herring aid ! 
" avocado kedavra " - harry potter before tuning his enemies into guacamole 
pickup line are you a test - tube baby ? because you're perfect . 
how do you help a lemon ? lemon - aid . 
and yet , despite the look on my face , you're still talking . 
fish joke of the day i want to krill myself . 
so my freind told me he works at a music store . sounds fun 
my dog has no nose . how does it smell ? awful 
i wouldn't say i " missed " your call . 
if a quiz is quizzical , what is a test ? 
facebook is in a relationship with the stock market and it's complicated . 
roses are red . . i'm in debt . 
it's kinda sad that shakira's hips are our generation's george washington . 
nsfw warning explicit content this form is explicit . y x 2 
shoutout to sidewalks for keeping me off the streets . 
not sure yet why this cookie dough has baking instructions on the package . 
what do you get when you mash up an avagadro ? guacamole . 
bill clinton is so getting laid tonight . hillary is in indonesia . 
who earns a living driving their customers away ? a taxi driver 
electing trump would really strengthen our dollar sincerely , canada 
why won't alligators attack lawyers ? professional courtesy 
how do spaniards take their coffee ? au lait . 
a nihilist was robbed at gunpoint . nothing of value was stolen . 
what has two legs and is covered in blood ? half a dog . 
i would absolutely slay the dating game if looks and personality didn't matter 
why can't gingers run ? because they have no soles 
how do welsh people eat cheese ? caerphilly 
what game do tornadoes like to play ? - twister 
i gave love a bad name . i called it harold . 
what did vladimir putin say after dropping a smashing one - liner ? putout 
how do you say " whoops " in german ? world war 2 
santa claus came early ! mrs . claus wasn't too happy . 
the real reason jesus died on the cross he forgot the safeword . 
how did jim henson die ? he kermitted suicide 
a dog made out of diamonds is everyone's best friend . 
sleeping pills ? who needs those ? we've got powerpoint . 
i lost my eldest daughter to suicide . one down , two to go 
i heard the best time travel joke tomorrow . 
who was the first mathematician ? a concave man 
i was thinking of shaving my beard but it really grew on me . 
i was cutting up vegetables in the kitchen ... ... and was promptly arrested 
for sale : one parachute used once , never opened . 
how does bob marley like his donuts ? with jammin . 
that thing your kid said wasn't funny . 
what's 6 inches long 2 inches wide and drives a woman wild ? money 
how do reavers clean their spears ? they run them through the wash : 
mirror mirror on the floor , who's the worst at home decor ? 
please , call me seahorse . mr . seahorse was my mother . 
everything is rightly confused . 
why did adolf hitler commit suicide ? artificial intelligence . 
if a blind couple breaks up ... would they start hearing other people ? 
what does a light bulb filled with gas ? 
frankly auto correct , i'm getting tired of your shirt . 
hate to brag but i can still fit in my quinceanera dress 
did you hear about the avon lady ? max factor 
confucius say women who fly plane upside down have crack up . 
met someone on craigslist , guess i'm dating a grill now . 
jokes the three girls lol funny ! 
have you ever tried nicaraguan food ? they haven't . 
what does a chihuahua play basketball with ? a tennis ball ! 
atoms are liers ... the makeup everything 
what kind of bug can survive all winter ? a bahumbug ! 
gabe newell should be the world president he will prevent world war 3 . 
this dude is using a pay phone , i guess someone got kidnapped 
the only thing that bakes at room temperature . stoners . 
two's company , three's a crowd 
do you know what would make this sub better ? no more u jokeexplainbot 
i watched mad max : fury road today . 
what makes me want to lose the will to live ? r jokes ! 
why did the chicken ... ... cross the mobius strip ? 
r . i . p satoru iwata he's pushing peaches and daisies now . 
if trump wins i'm moving to my last sim city 2000 save file . 
does anyone use question marks properly anymore . 
who lost a herd of elephants ? big bo peep ! 
an old man on went facebook you'll never believe what happens next . 
a revolving door is an iq test you can fail in public . 
a married couple where each has a doctorate degree is a paradox . 
batman arkham knight pc port 
two wrongs don't make a right , take your parents as an example . 
so a latvian man went to idaho because he died . 
just trying to figure out how the text box works 
what is a mormon's favorite movie ? lord of the rings 
what value is higher than infinity ? infinity plus 1 . i'm sorry . 
i built a lighthouse ... but it blew away . 
ladies and gentlemen , my browsing history ... deleted 
the only plato i care about is a big plato spaghetti 
how to 4 - dimensional aliens get around ? in tralfamadoloreans . 
someone sly sheared sleeping sheep . talk about shear terror . 
what do you call an aardvark that writes poems ? a bardvark ! 
eli5 : what are thoooooooose ? ! ? 
i'm single by choice . but it's not my choice . 
how do you make a german cry ? show them their gas bill 
why aren't sumos chummy with racecar drivers ? they move in different circles . 
if ignorance is bliss then explain facebook . 
got christmas card glitter all over me and now i can't stop stripping . 
the problem with political jokes ... ... is that they always get elected . 
sweet potato philosophy " i think therefore i yam . " 
how did the dog make gold soup ? he put in 24 carrots . 
i wonder how telemarketers react to other telemarketers when they are at home ... 
if a vegetarian eats vegetables ... what does a humanitarian eat ? 
how does a cow add and subtract ? with a cowculator . 
the greatest joke about being gullible 
my wife's cooking is incredible . with a silent cr . 
studs put the stds in u . 
how do you make something go viral ? herpes . 
what type of transporter does mr . scott use ? a beemer . 
everyone has a thigh gap ... ... when they're doing the splits . 
how does a water bear sleep ? it hydronates 
i recently started smoking ... it was all dunhill from there 
how do you define necrophilia ? the urge to crack open a cold one 
how does homer simpson say watermelon in french ? melon d'oh 
what is donald trump's favorite movie ? minority deport 
report : underpaid bowling alley employees to go on strike . 
are your breast imported ? because they look like they're over c's 
you are living proof that manure can sprout legs and walk . 
what kind of apple has a short temper ? a crab apple . 
you must be an angel , because your texture mapping is so divine ! 
you know those before - after models ? i'm a professional before model 
p l a n pa pn la ln i just foiled your plan . 
a woman's tongue man's eye , will rest only when they die . 
what does the pokemon dentist do ? he takes a pikachu teeth . 
don't you just hate when people reply with " this ? " this . 
what's the exchange rate for pigs and trees ? a porcupine . 
if you make an oriental dizzy ... . does he become disoriented ? 
i think i'm psychic . now now i know what you're thinking . . 
for those who never forget a face , you are an exception . 
always remember you're someones reason to smile because you are a joke 
do old men wear boxers or briefs ? depends . 
what's a brooklyn contractors favorite dance ? dewalts 
i can't wait for alien vs . predator vs . liam neeson . 
what is a bacteria's other favorite dish ? the petri dish ! 
i'm being managed by don king again 
i'm white , but not have good credit white . 
what would the beatles have been called if ringo never joined ? the beatless 
what do you call a waterfall which causes erections ? viagra falls 
does anyone have experience flipping tables ? im sure i do . 
you know what's really odd ? numbers not divisible by 2 . 
what's a nice guys favorite type of wood ? m'ho gany 
time lords make the worst lovers ... it's always bigger on the inside 
seminar topic at the annual vampire conference " how to deal with stakeholders " 
war does not determine who is right only who is left . 
breaking : 30 people feared soothed in yankee candle fire . 
what is the name of your friend's advisor ? budweiser 
hyperbole : literally the worst thing ever . 
rsvp : yes no yes now but then no later on 
why is the mathematician mad ? because he's a calcul - hater . 
why couldn't the pokemon tell a joke ? because he fainted . 
trying to find an anagram for mobile piss is impossible . 
what's white and crawls up your leg ? uncle ben's perverted rice 
top 3 invisible things : 1 2 3 
where do bee's go to the bathroom ? at the bp station . 
i'm trying to not be horny all the time but it's hard 
i took my dog to the vet he never got dry again 
the ancient egyptians loved cat videos . 
fact : all boots were made for walking . 
why can't you ever trust a cat ? because they are always lion 
what's the most problematic time of day ? 4 : 04 
what do gangsters put on their nachos ? glock - amole 
i work for the world's largest nanotechnology company ... we're not very good . 
why did ancient egyptians love beans ? they made tootin common . 
honey , i'm pregnant . . hi pregnant , i'm dad . 
my pet mouse elvis died today he got caught in a trap . 
what goes hum - choo hum choo ? a bee with a cold ! 
ugh i completely forgot to do something with my life . 
what do you call an ethiopian on a hunger strike ? an ethiopian 
anyone wanna have a pun war ? just for phun . ? 
how do you make a hormone ? don't pay her enough 
why dont demons fear oxidation ? because there's no rust for the wicked 
my dad used to beat me ... at tic - tac - toe . 
eggs what does an embryo say when it's serious ? no yolk ! 
what is a horses favourite tv show ? neeeebours 
what did the patriarchy serve at their dinner party ? traditional gender rolls . 
i just did 50 crunches in an hour ... the wrappers are everywhere . 
crime doesn't pay ... does that mean that my job is a crime ? 
what's the definition of parity ? two parrots exactly the same ! 
what do you call ghosts commiting bank robberies ? the polterheist 
how does every racist joke start ? by looking over your shoulder . 
sometimes i need what only some people can provide : their absence . 
what's a mole's favourite fruit ? an avagadro . 
quidditch . scratching yourself with a pound coin . 
what do you say to a virgin when she sneezes ? goesintight 
what bring a dead duck back to life ? a dead bullfrog . 
i love self depricating humor its another thing that wont love me back 
why does the spanish dude keep walking left ? because izquierda going right . 
obama will go down in history as america's first gold president . 
why is b so cool ? because it is next to the ac 
what are the coldest triangles ? ice - sosceles 
i've been waiting for this moment ever since i got up ... goodnight ! 
why did the lion win the race ? because he mufasa . 
what is it called when two birds kiss ? a peck . 
what do you call an underwater ride sharing service ? scuber ! 
what are bananas high in ? trees ! 
what's a russian's favorite italian dish ? pepperoni picza ! 
how do you prevent alcoholism ? shots . 
submit a joke . how do i submit donald trump ? 
what does its job only after its been fired ? a bullet . 
what is an astronaut's favorite power tool ? an orbital sander 
roses are red violets are blue , i'm schizophrenic and so am i . 
what did the gamer say to the fleeing prisoner ? run ! escape ! 
i snort bits of pork when i'm hungry . i call them hamboogers . 
my doctor says my emoji use is keeping me young . 
i always feel bad for cantaloupes ... they just want to get hitched 
poor caitlyn jenner . she missed mothers day amp fathers day . 
why did the feminist fail in programming ? she hated objectification . 
bosses get a lot less demanding when you bring a sword to work 
why did sally fall down the hill ? i pushed her . 
the word " fireplace " really reveals the creativity of our ancestors . 
what's the favorite dairy product of wall street executives ? 1 milk 
case of the pregnant lady joke 
what happens when a cow jumps over barbed wire ? udder destruction ! 
what is uglier than an aardvark ? two aardvarks ! 
i am schizophrenic , aua 
what's a wavelength's favorite animal ? a lamb , duh ! 
why are peppers irritating ? because they're jalapeno business ! 
if you are here - who is running hell ? 
how does the stork bring babies ? it pokes holes in condoms . 
where does the cynic go to pray the cynicgogue 
what happens when nigel farage makes a promise ? he brexit . 
fat jokes aside , let's not forget fat people have feelings too hunger 
sleep is so cute when it tries to compete with the internet . 
i would make an economics joke but there's no demand 
what's a pirates favorite material ? arrrgyle * yarrrn ! * thanks bravesurf 
i started a diet two weeks ago so far i've lost 14 days 
what's your least favorite race ? i personally can't stand 5k's 
being bald it means you went back to your roots . 
chef's favorite personal dish ? stroganoff 
what is the speciality of alan turing ? he was homogeneous 
why couldn't beethoven find his music teacher ? he was haydn 
what do mice eat during the summer ? micecream 
she has the body of a goddess and the face to defend it . 
what do you call money that grows on trees ? marijuana 
how do you stop water from running ? don't pay the water bill . 
osama bin laden had a stand up comedy special last night it bombed 
tell a sad story in 4 words lifetime cleveland browns fan 
the eddie izzard diabetic suicide prevention hotline 1 - 800 - cakrdth 
yo mama's so fat ... instead of a cartwheel she does a ferriswheel . 
how does a nun lose her virginity ? dresses up as an altar boy 
pool party at my house , bring ur own pool 
you're more useless than a ... 
what's the middle east's favorite candy ? yemenheads 
why do pirates wake up early on saturday ? to watch dablooney toons ! 
my friend told me this one . 18 inside , nsfw . 19 
what can bring the beatles back together ? two more bullets . 
why don't kids like cheesy jokes ? ... they're too mature for their taste 
the soviet union won't ever rise again ? what a bunch of bolshevik . 
han solo had a much cooler older brother called drum 
abstinence makes the church grow fondlers 
virgin airlines should just be itself . it'll happen eventually . 
if everything is going your way you're in the wrong lane 
my voodoo doll would be a glazed ham wrapped in chicken feathers . 
whats 2 2 ? a math problem . 
my in - laws are visiting ... this is their homicide note . 
* logs on * jesus christ * logs off * 
what is 1000 laughs called ? a gigglehert 
life is complex ... it has both real and imaginary components . 
bread goes in , toast comes out . explain that , atheists ! 
what was the smoking bee full of ? nicosting ! 
what did the ghost say to the bees ? boo bees 
what's a fat kids favourite instrument ? the dinner bell 
sorry i moaned seductively while eating a gogurt at your bible study group . 
hey girl are you the great american west ? because you're flat and fertile 
why did beethoven hate mozart ? because mozart stabbed him in the bach . 
steve irwin died as he lived ... with nature in his heart 
what is h20 made out of ? 20 hydrogen atoms . 
19th ammendment 
what's the difference between terrorists and tourists ? terrorists have sympathizers . 
did you know that most statistics are made up ? around 93 , 7 
what's the most efficient fuel to use when chasing cars ? snow petrol ! 
what does a german use to polish his trumpet ? toot tonic 
" the snack that smiles back ... " " babies ! " 
i like to spend my sunday night wishing it wasn't sunday night . 
nobody believes that my first grade teacher was named furious crapjacket . 
i invented the upside down house . it's now a top cellar . 
what's the difference between trump and garbage garbage can be thrown out 
hahaha you're killing me . me to this cigarette . 
how does bob marley like his doughnuts ? he doesn't , he's dead ! 
a skeleton walks into a bar and orders a drink and a mop . 
eventually we're just gonna have to accept " ducking " as a swear word 
" so , you speak german ? " " nein ! " 
there was a four - car reck in mexico today ... 93 people died 
i really hope we can call ninjas with red hair " ginjas " . 
where do ants go for their holidays ? frants ! 
keep saying yellow and soon enough it'll sound like you're saying gullible . 
i bought nickelback's greatest hits and it was just a blank cd . 
which vampire ate the three bears porridge ? ghouldilocks . 
why don't robots have any brothers ? they all have transisters . 
how do you make an idiot easily wait ? i tell you tomorrow . 
i'm on a pepperoni pizza cleanse . 
what's green and german ? snotzis . 
where do girls have the curliest hair ? africa . 
i would lose weight ... but i hate losing ... 
what do you call 16 white girls in a room ? one whole cherokee 
the worst journey in the world by helen back 
if u disregard the teeth , shark attacks are actually kinda cute 
" i am leg end " - a foot 
my coffee tastes like dirt ! what gives ? it's fresh ground . 
just did 100 crunches . crumbs everywhere . 
who handles font related crimes ? a sans sheriff ! 
* crosses fingers * * fingers plan their revenge * 
q : where does an ape sleep ? a : in an apricot . 
who's aardvark's favorite male singer ? frank sinostril ! 
what was the name of the indian dj ? sikh beats . 
why is a shooting star better than a hamburger ? it's meteor . 
who is fapman's greatest nemesis ? the stroker . 
how did the bottle of whiskey laugh ? ... wryly . 
skills can be taught . character you either have or you don't have . 
how does an alzheimer's patient celebrate new years ? kissing strangers . 
i hate eating vegetables . the wheelchair doesn't go down easy . 
rip evaporated water ... . ... you will be mist 
cracker is racist . they should be called crispy baked squares . 
how many months have 28 days in them . all of them . 
stop with the blind jokes ... i don t see the point . 
what's another name for floor pie ? 3 . 
the possibility that i hit reply all haunts every email i've ever sent . 
what stopped winter from coming ? winterfell and it can't get up . 
i hate jokes that leaves you hanging . they deleted 
guy fieri's parents were two lyrics websites 
why did the book join the police ? he wanted to work undercover . 
" i kid you not " - abortion doctor . 
qwop must be what it's like to run for autistic people . 
why do females love old gynecologists ... because of their shaky fingers 
are you always this stupid or is today a special occasion ? 
what do you call 256 shades of grey ? grayscale 
what do you call a huge pile of cats ? a meowntain 
unless you can be batman , always be yourself . 
cats are not mentioned in the bible because they wrote it . 
he already ruined your mascara , don't let him ruin your night . 
what's donald trump's favorite dance move ? hit the juan 
why get thinner when you can get more dinner ? 
send message without subject ? yes , gmail . f ck off . 
what will people say when prince charles dies ? long live the queen . 
what do hurricanes most like to eat for dessert ? - candy canes 
thought about putting a diabetic joke but ... some people think they are insul'in 
a cell's sister stepped on the cell's toe . " mitosis " 
you know why men die earlier than women ? because we want to ! 
what is a paranoid man's favorite food ? who wants to know ? 
children give terrible gifts because they're poor . 
what do you call fat dubstep ? chubby wubby 
i managed to lose 245lbs of unsightly flesh ... divorced the wife . 
hot local grizzly bears dying to eat you ! 
you know what i don't get ? jobs . 
how does hitler organize his juice ? by concentration 
who's the first irishman to come outside every spring ? patty o'fu rniture 
test : notes : 
what doesn't kill you , forces me to reload . 
fun trick : swap guacamole with wasabi , then watch . 
hey guys i'm at nxne ! where the hell is everybody ? 
pretty fed up with the fact that pandemonium almost never involves pandas . 
why are dutch people so tall ? the short ones drowned in the floods 
scott stapp thinks he's bono . six feet from the edge . 
neil never had a girlfriend ... so neil armstrong . 
maybe installing freudian autocorrect was not the breast idea . 
what goes dot dot dash squeak ? mouse code ! 
in defense of james buchanan : rehabilitating an american president lol no 
getting grey hair hurts less when you say you're sprouting tinsel instead . 
who has more money than god ? his ex - wife . 
so i went to the proctologist ... . insert joke here 
i'm concerned that little girls are being taught it's okay to eat . 
what do you call minecraft in germany ? nein - craft ! 
what is donald trump's favourite nation ? discrimination 
civil war jokes you say ? i general lee don't find them funny 
yo momma is so fat , that she has her own event horizon ! 
how do you create artificial intelligence ? dye a blonde's hair . 
what did the clam say when a crab attacked him ? kelp ! 
i'm basically only good at three things : 1 . programming 2 . counting 
what do you call a smelly fellow that makes bad jokes ? pungent 
what stories are told by basketball players ? tall stories ! 
i think the government just un - friended us . 
what did one autumn leaf say to another ? i'm falling for you . 
condoleeza rice's less successful sister is apartmentleeza rice . 
what do you call it when gandhi starts a food fight ? naan violence 
what's a cats favourite dictator ? chairman maow 
how does the vicar explore the internet ? with the church mouse . 
my mother is in the hospital ... she's a nurse . 
what do you get from pampered cows ? spoiled milk ! 
mitt romney's presidency . 
about to go for a run , because shoplifting 
" i woke up like this " looks terrible 
i like the way the earth revolves ! it really makes my day ! 
what comes after ebola ? fbola . 
i find it insulting that arby's mascot isn't a pirate bee . 
why did the mouse eat a candle ? for some light refreshment ! 
after chuck norris eats a large meal , he literaly burns of the caleries 
... how is life in north korea ? i can't complain . 
how does a mathematician ask for money ? give me 10 ! dollars 
bob unknowingly sat on a chainsaw . 
what is the greek army's motto ? never leave your buddy's behind . 
i wrote a song about tortilla's well . it's more of a wrap . 
breaking : republicans may oppose president obama's decision to skip breakfast . 
they say blondes have the most fun they also say ignorance is bliss . 
so i went clubbing last night ... those seals didn't stand a chance . 
why don't blind people go skydiving ? it scares their dogs . 
how do you subdue a large snake ? you use a boa restrictor 
" meh " - apathetic cow 
how many ants does it take to fill an apartment ? tenants 
today i went down on my girlfriend period . 
want to hear something really fun about science ? you would . nerd . 
what hairstyle does christopher nolan get at the barber ? a director's cut 
alsation : what is your favorite holiday ? chihuahua : howloween ! 
it's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally . 
what do you call a bra designed for neutrois ? ze - bra 
chuck norris can win an argument with his wife . 
i've never seen a girl under 21 whose iphone screen wasn't cracked . 
why can't stephen hawking dance ? because he's white . 
maybe if we start calling abortions " debortations " republicans will support them ? 
how to avoid falling trap to clickbaiting ? sorry , you can't ! 
hospitals are so shady nowadays ... even the doctors are drug dealers . 
i'm fluent in morose code . - debbie downers 
who looks after the eurodisney website ? mick e - mouse . 
what's it called when batman leaves church early ? christian bale . 
when do the leaves begin to turn ? the night before a test . 
how did harry get it in ron's sweet diagon alley ? a lubricantation . 
" entertainment news " is a strange way to spell gossip . 
this whole time i thought ariana grande was a font 
i tried eating a clock once it was time consuming . 
want did the alzheimer say to the shoe ? 
relationship or hallucination ? either way , i'm seeing somebody . 
what did the cow say to the hay ? i chews you 
" haha , you thought i was a quarter . " - nickels 
if apple made a car ... would it have windows ? 
i shall final no more forever . - schooling bull 
how can you call it love when you're crying more than smiling . 
why is king joffrey like a mattress ? two twins make a king . 
what is adam johnson's favourite kill streak ? predator missile 
offensive jokes these are the worst jokes ever be warned 
in light of micheal phelps defeat ... you could say he got schooled 
you couldn't kill sean bean if he was wearing a red shirt . 
whats my knee's favourite channel ? dis - knee channel . 
in heaven there is never a line at chipotle . 
what kind of doctor is always on call ? an oncologist . 
who took the spoopy from the spoopy jar ? mr skeltal 
what's the only thing politicians stand for ? reelection . 
if shame burned calories , i'd be back to my birth weight by now 
what do you call a bulletproof irishman ? rick o'sh ea . 
why did the engineer buy a mattress ? to sleep under it 
what " s the difference between tuna and chicken ? a shower 
how was the irish jig invented ? to much beer and not enough bathrooms 
i am the guy who keeps posting in the wrong sub ! ama ! 
what is call of duty called in afghanistan ? the sims 
ill tell you what i know about dwarves very little 
have you ever ordered a honeymoon salad ? lettuce alone . 
what program do jedi use to pdf files ? adobe wan kenobi 
never go to bed angry , stay awake and plot your revenge . 
why are pills white ? because they work . 
don't ask me about my pan pizza ... it's personal . 
how do birds learn to fly ? they just wing it . 
john cena bum buh duh dum . bum buh duh dum . 
what do you call an indian stoner ? man , deep 
what's the longest island in new york ? long island . 
i gave my girlfreind my nine inch nail ... and we got closer . 
hoo - dini and now i wait ... ... ... . 
why did night fall ? because day tripped him . 
the worst striker by mr goal 
i'm giving up spray deodorants for the new year roll on 2017 
what scratches the window before it explodes ? a baby in a microwave 
click for joke ! you're good looking . 
how did osama bin laden feed his kids oc here comes the aeroplane ... 
what do they call aborted fetuses in prague ? cancelled czechs . 
wanna hear a joke about my cawk ? never mind its too long 
well , it's almost time to show up late for something else . 
how does hitler like his orange juice ? freshly squeezed . 
a hispanic man with a rubber toe his name ... was roberto 
my new year's resolution 1920 x 1080 
what lottery did the broom win ? the sweepstakes . 
what do pirates do with their treasure in the winter ? they bury it 
one man's whore is another man's whore . 
want to get really stoned ? commit adultery in iran . 
what kind of fish is made from two sodium atoms ? a 2na 
haegel , nietzsche and aristotle walk into a bar ... why ? 
what do you call a master at guessing anime characters ? guesu 
let's take all the bad science jokes ... and barium . 
so much to say . so not drunk enough to say it . 
cops are looking for a fat bank robber . he's still at large . 
what beer do elderly rednecks drink ? silver mullet 
a man tries to buy a trampoline ... but his check bounces . 
fist bumping high fives since 94 
women are cursed , and men are the proof . 
people from wisconsin always make ... cheesy jokes . 
i'm going to stand outside , so if anyone asks i am outstanding . 
kanye west is opening up a breakfast restaurant ... omelette you finish 
in soviet russia , tired joke format tweets you . 
i'm pretty happy that human skin isn't see - through . 
ramen again ? this guy's a mess . - mice in my kitchen 
my fortune cookie just says hahahaha . is that good ? 
7 days without a pun ... makes one weak . 
why don't paperclips move around a lot ? they like being stationery . 
how many days are there in canadian february ? about twenty , eh . 
i just gave birth ... i had a cow . 
so a guy walks into a cow moo 
bruce jenner jokes let's get these rolling ! ! 
i heard diarrhea is hereditary it runs in your jeans 
she can't leave if you're wearing all of her clothes . 
one minute without you feels like 60 seconds . 
what do you call a one legged female pirate ? arrrrlene ... 
what do you call a greedy crab ? shell fish ... ... 
good comedy is like health insurance some just can't get it 
my dishwasher broke down and stopped working so i remarried 
why did the investment bankers start dating ? compound interest 
chuck norris shot the sheriff , but he round house kicked the deputy . 
why was noah such a compelling character ? he had a good ark . 
are you a bandicoot ? because i would crash for you . 
this wrinkle cream made my balls look like some weird balloon animal . 
my parents raised me as an only child ... which really upset my sister 
today i found out my toaster wasn't waterproof i was shocked ! 
autocorrect can be a real birch . dammit ! 
what does a cynical irishman drink ? whiskey sour 
what does a bunny do to a bank ? rabbit 
relationship status : autocorrect changes my girl to my grill . 
this tweet is made from 100 recycled characters . 
what is the cutest car ? a bm - cuddle - u 
why do elephants hide behind trees ? to trip ants . 
if you can't hang don't be a runaway slave 
what language does a boxer who punches jokes speak ? punjabi - ng . 
nice shoes they really stand out 
what do you call an earthquake in nyc ? harlem shake . 
my stove is the most expensive cigarette lighter i've ever purchased . 
what's the opposite of christopher walken ? christopher reeve 
half - life 3 confirmed ! ! ! ! ! lol 
ramadan is the only time i can get a date every night 
what's your favorite joke ? mine's womens rights . 
a lot of rappers had diddy issues when they were growing up . 
let's turn this pizza hut into a pizza home . 
woah guys , did you hear oxygen and magnesium got together ? omg ! 
* sneezes * " my dust collection ! " 
a world renowned chef undercooked the meat it was a rare misteak 
what's the main ingredient when making pickle bread ? dill dough . 
football gave me a traumatic brain injury and i was only watching . 
i have a fear of speed bumps but i'm slowly getting over it . 
don't read this if you don't like sensitive topics biting into an ice cream 
my best toys run on batteries 
yo mama is like the gas station . pump and pay . 
why do squirrels have bushy tails ? to keep their nuts warm . 
an older gentlemen wins a scratch ticket win for life 
a stepdad should be called a " faux pa . " 
what is jeremy clarkson's pin number ? nought two sixty . 
being a vegatarian is a missed - steak ! 
my friend was frozen to absolute zero ... he's pretty 0k with it . 
thank god there are no bible verses shorter than 140 characters . 
are hamburgers male ? yes because they're boygers not girlgers ! 
i've never had anyone at hello . 
sleep it's better than the rest 
hey , smiling strangers . no thanks . 
thank god it's monday " my liver 
why you shouldn't ask napoleon for money he's a bit short 
i thought landlady was the opposite of mermaid ? 
what's chris martin's favorite drink ? apple martini 
what do acids hate lyes 
after brexit , the pound crashed ... ... it's down to ten ounces . 
i couldn't bear it anymore . lol . - bear suicide note . 
the longest joke is worth the read http : longestjokeintheworld . com 
what is canadian graffiti like ? canadian graffiti be like , f word sorry 
i thought chiropractors were a waste of money but i stand corrected . 
what do you call a geologist who can't hear ? stone deaf ... 
my upstairs neighbor recently made a groundbreaking discovery ... he can't fly 
you're like a candy bar : half sweet and half nuts . 
what's the best part about getting aids you can only catch it once . 
hit me with your pet shark ruinan80ssong 
idea : breathalyzer tests at the airport , to make sure you're drunk enough 
you know what screw programming c - out 
why can't boy scouts be mlg ? because they're campers . 
ehhhhh ! i lost all my money in a fonzie scheme . 
why did princess diana cross the road ? she didn't have her seatbelt on 
never trust quotes from the internet abraham lincoln 
what did the borg say to the medieval peasant ? resistance if feudal 
which african country has the most obese inhabitants ? burkina fatso 
a satyr walks into a bar ... that's the whole joke 
german vegetarians are real pessimists . they fear nothing but the wurst ! 
how do snowmen get around ? by icicle . 
why do women prefer old gynecologists ? their shaky hands ! 
social media is one of the best things to ever happen to stupidity . 
good steak jokes are ... a rare medium well done 
has anything happened since 2008 ? i've been looking down at my phone . 
i got an empty fortune cookie the other day . it was unfortunate . 
what rings twice and screams once ? ray charles answering the iron 
it takes balls to get a vasectomy . 
rip paris terror attack victims never baguette 
my neighbor's kids said they loved sneakers . they're huge vans of them . 
women jokes are not funny period . 
what's a german's favorite fruit ? an auto - bahnana 
what's worse than beating a dead horse ? shooting a live gorilla 
i need a draft folder for my mouth . 
i'm having trouble finishing my joke about tree surgery ! stick joke here ! 
how do you think the unthinkable ? with an ithberg 
how do you describe catwoman in one word ? purrfect 
what does john cena wash his hair with ? champ who ? 
time flies like an arrow fruit flies like a banana 
jesus wasn't just fit ... . he was crossfit . 
i've known my drug dealer since i was this high . 
i'm so antisocial , i won't even meet my potential . 
i'm allergic to football fields they send me into nflactic shock . 
what's the most powerful part of a french tank reverse gear 
the only thing harder than diamonds a redneck at his family reunion 
why can't ghosts have babies ? because they have hollow - weenies ! 
my dad told me never to explain fashion to tommy , hilfiger . 
what university did lil jon go to ? yaaaaaaaaale 
what do you call a residential area for horse lovers ? a neighbourhood . 
most girls on facebook have more problems than a math text book . . 
what is tony romo's favorite lottery game ? pick six 
the man who invented velcro has died . rip . 
what do you call a sarcastic canadian cow ? cowlin mockery 
i like stuffed animals . oven baked with breadcrumb stuffing . 
bruce jenner should legally change his name to trans 
i wanted to watch the inauguration today but eisenhower late . 
i was wondering why the baseball was getting bigger then it hit me . 
hodor is the ultimate gentleman ! he always holds the door . 
i don't sign anything without pretending to read it first . 
police are like a box of chocolates ... . they'll kill your dog . 
what powers a robotic sherlock holmes electricity , my dear watt - son 
how do you kill a one legged fox ? make him run across canada 
i tried to hang myself with a bungee chord . i kept almost dying 
what is the sheeps market called ? the baa - zar . 
i'm like a fireman , i turn the hoes on . 
how do rocks feel about moss ? it's growing on them . 
a guy thing . pp 
break ups are the worst in china ... you see her face everywhere . 
m . c . escher goes into an ou so s w . 
why did the cellist have to sell his instrument ? he was baroque . 
what does neil patrick harris call his toilet ? his dookie houser 
how do you call a corn that is unique ? a unicorn . 
what's the opposite of the virgin islands the caymin islands . 
why would anyone want to be a masochist ? beats me 
i wanted to get a brain transplant ... but i changed my mind . 
do you like christmas ? then why don't you merry it ? 
according to my cholesterol level i'm a pizza . 
bernie demands change ... whereas hillary prefers cards or cheques . 
i'm woman enough to admit when you're wrong 
" there " - where's waldo ? cliffs notes 
i ran a marathon in 2011 if you add it all up probably . 
my alphabet soup is full of typos . go home campbells you're drunk 
what do you want to do before you tickle someone ? test - tickles 
i had two ribs removed so i could pet small dogs easier . 
this : sentence : is : sick : it has : cancer . 
why do woman get periods ? because they deserve them 
what do you call a wet spy ? james pond 
my english teacher was a fan of capital punishment . she despised small letters 
a super villain gently petting a carpet sample instead of a cat . 
my wife is playing hard to get . rid of . 
my wife was cremated after her death . also during . 
where does a finnish child molester go when his ship sinks ? helsinki 
what's blue and square ? an orange in disguise ! boom ! ! ! 
will smith was convicted they found fresh prints at the scene ... . 
i tried oscillating once . not a fan . 
what did the school in egypt finally get ? a new bus . 
when life gives you financial troubles ... make financialade . 
what are starbucks two shipping options ? ground and federal expresso 
does anyone want to come over and stare at our phones ? 
what's the most common question in quantum physics ? i don't know 
what did the police say when they finished interviewing dylann roof ? you're hired 
the most important thing about telling a joke is timing 
there's a party in the garden so lettuce turnip the beet 
red dead redemption 2 announced ! not . : 
what's the lawyer's favorite fruit ? the advocado 
kisses are like real estate ... . location location location 
i tip my fedora to u * tips fedora * here's an upboat 
laser joke a blue laser hertz twice as much as a red laser . 
sorry i didn't text you back , but my phone recognized your number . 
kindness has become so rare , that some people mistake it for flirting . 
a man walks into a bar his alcoholism is tearing his family apart 
i told an ebola joke and only 50 died laughing . 
healthcare costs in america 
what does a bee get at mcdonalds ? a humburger ! 
where do spiders play their fa cup final ? webley stadium ! 
does your camera know you've been using it to look like a whore ? 
i eat my hot dogs cold no bun intended 
was sagt der groe stift zum kleinen stift ? wachsmalstift 
two helium atoms were acting funny hehe 
why did the bald man go outside ? to get some fresh hair ! 
i'm just a girl hiding under a bed hoping his wife leaves soon again 
what started with a j , and ends with whore ? 
my friends say i'm frugal . i'm not buying it . 
how do you wake up lady gaga ? poke her face 
pokemon go servers yeah , that's it . 
honesty is the best policy but insanity is the best defense . 
why don't people tell chemistry jokes ? because they never get a reaction . 
bee population worldwide is exploding . what a time to be a hive . 
i don't like telling fat jokes they weigh too much on my conscience 
what is will smith's favorite type of forensic evidence ? fresh prints . 
my favorite mythical creature ? the honest politician . 
why doesn't china have casinos ? because they hate tibet . 
what do scientists say when they meet each other ? hydrogen iodide 
how do these people survive 
what's even more impressive than a talking dog ? a spelling bee ! 
motion to rename biological clock " restless egg syndrome . " 
have you heard about the goodweather witch ? she's forecasting sunny spells . 
what does the nationalist sing at christmas ? jingo bells . 
if i promise to miss you , will you go away ? 
whats the fastest way into a woman's heart ? a pick - axe 
terrorist jokes . they'll make you explode with laughter . 
what borders stupidity ? canada and mexico . 
i'm jealous of people who have more than one ab . 
did you hear about the dyslexic pimp ? he opened a warehouse . 
i lost 130 pounds of useless fat ! divorce is great ! 
what do you call a bookstore that's also a bar ? tequila mockingbird 
today my dad died in a scuba accident it was a very depressing situation 
what did dj khaled say to the barn owl ? you talonted 
the difference between snowmen and snowwomen . snowballs . 
you breed dogs ? don't they do that on their own ? 
what does a monk say when you evict him ? namaste 
how many husbands have i had ? you mean apart from my own ? 
selling darwinian birds : 5 for 5 buck finches get money . 
why hasn't the rastafarian gone to see the barber ? he's dreading it . 
what is a canadian vampire's favourite drink ? type eh . 
please don't feed the kardashians . 
just dropped my iphone in the bath tub . i think it's syncing . 
scary story told in only five words your browser history is public ! 
why does manny pacquiao hate spring so much ? because of may weather . 
what did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend wipe his arse 
having a dirty mind makes ordinary conversations much more interesting . 
dear naps , i'm sorry i was a jerk to you in kindergarten 
how do you unload a truck load of puppies ? with a pitchfork 
did you hear about the magic tractor ? turned into a field . 
me : no , you hang up first pizza hut : * click * 
what kind of animal lives in a triangle hippotenuse 
what do outlaws eat with their milk ? crookies . 
sometimes i answer your rhetorical questions because i think you are that stupid . 
what kind of music does a factory worker listen to ? industrial metal 
makeafilmuncomfortable the godfather - with benefits 
why was the fruit farmer losing money ? he couldn't grow a pear 
how do whores in westeros get into the castle ? hodor . 
how do programmers like their snacks ? byte - sized . 
i keep getting bills from the memory erasing clinic but i've never been there 
dr . dre beats . 
my wife got my daughter a bowl with dora on it it's adorable 
eat local . your neighbor's food . 
why do guys think to much they have two heads 
love doesn't walk away , people do . 
i wonder how many lightbulbs it takes to change a baby . 
yo mama so fat she couldn't fit in this joke . 
masturbation should be considered a craft ... as it is 100 hand made . 
where do kids with adhd go for the summer ? concentration camp . 
i'm not paranoid , but i feel like there's someone reading this ... 
where there is a will , there is usually a death . 
i finally figured out the secret to click bait . 
what's the difference between an irish wedding and an irish funeral ? one guest 
for sale dead budgie not going cheep 
if mental hospitals had walkways ... they'd be called psychopaths . 
how i crossed the desert by rhoda camul 
a women apology i am sorry , but it was your mistake . 
please leave a voicemail if you're calling from 1986 
when jedi need to read pdfs , they use adobe wan kenobi . 
heres a bad joke your life 
i met this vegetarian girl yesterday i had never met herbivore 
who would be sub zero's perfect rival in the marvel universe ? thor . 
what is al qaeda's favourite team ? new york jets 
whiteboards are amazing ! they're just so remarkable ! 
what does op never do ? 
* claps along at an opera * 
was gonna make a long joke about gastrointestinal problems but , i digest . 
we get it , cacti , you have great biceps . 
drugs lead to nowhere ... . but at least its the scenic route 
how many tickles does an octopus like ? ten - tickles 
the proper skirt length is at least 2 inches below your cellulite . 
why was the broom late to the meeting ? it over swept 
what has five bodies and one soul ? a kia full of gingers . 
bacon causes cancer . canadian bacon apologizes . 
what was the vegan craving when he got bit by a zombie ? grrrrraaaaaiiiinnnnnssss 
oxygen and magnesium walk into a bar ... omg ! 
do you avoid clickbait properly ? you don't 
sarcasm so good , they think you're being nice . 
if watergate happened today it would be called watergategate . 
life is too short to have a small breasted dental hygienist . 
i'm clingy , but not " simon cowell's t - shirt " clingy . 
why do cows have bells ? because their horns don't work . 
when life gives you melons ... don't burn the pot roast . 
hey guys ! i reversed entropy ! yportne 
what do you call a fight between film actors ? star wars ! 
what a lie 
what kind of musical instrument do mice play ? a mouse organ ! 
idea for courtroom sketch artists : a camera 
me : getting stabbed by criminal buddy this seems illegal 
what's whitney houston's favorite type of coordination ? haaaaaand eyeeeeeeeeee 
what are donald trump's favorite kind of nuts ? wall nuts . 
curiosity both did and did not kill schrodinger's cat . 
at a funeral home me : one death please 
how much does a pirate pay for corn ? a buccaneer . 
how are you getting on with the internet ? surf far so good . 
i have a joke about this site ... never mind you probably reddit 
the truth about 9 11 : it equals 0 . 81818182 
never trust acupuncturists they are backstabbers 
i just rolled my eyes so hard , i can see my brain . 
what do you call someone with no body and a nose ? nobody knows 
there is nothing funny about pms * * . * * 
all the women moaning about finding a husband obviously never had one . 
if catholics are in a demonstration ... ... are they protestants ? 
why doesn't santa have kids ? he only comes once a year 
que es la nombre con un bebe burro ? un burrito 
what is zero in roman numerals ? nothing 
i'm a racist i think the human race is the best one . 
i'd hit that . - women drivers 
how do you pickup chicks in auschwitz ? with a dustpan . . 
if i were russian i'd be vladimir poopin 
nothing waters down the word " ultimate " like ultimate frisbee . 
i just bought a film with ... 
adroit python swallowed male and female rabbits and doesn't need a food anymore . 
what do quantum physicists do when life gives them lemons ? everything 
i wonder if ninja - siri wields cortanas . 
where'd the rabbi stay on business ? the l'hy att 
vote for the best military joke of 2008 funny stuff reader's digest 
what was the warlock's favorite cookbook ? the necronomnomnomicon . 
why can't steven hawking perform comedy ? he can't do stand up 
holland break fifa rules by accidentally scoring against brazil 
where is the best place to buy authentic shrunken heads ? brazil 
i don't research nihilism anymore . what's the point ? 
can't believe i'm not invited to things i'd never go to . 
winnie - the - pooh is in tears he got triggered . 
vegetables they never knew what hit em 
fun prank : replace sugar packets at restaurants with cocaine 
every yo - yo trick should be called " no friends . " 
what did earth say to the sun ? my life revolves around you ! 
sausages ... they're the wurst . 
your life . 
where's spiderman's home page ? on the world wide web . 
brains are awesome ... i wish everyone had one . 
men's underwear should be called " manhole covers " 
wanna hear a story about a ghost ? that's the spirit . 
a love letter to my iphone the apple of my i 
i once went 11 years without masterbating ... then i turned 12 
what to you call a fat computer ? a dell 
what do parliament and ukrainian skies have in common ? they're both raining bodies 
what happens when you pop a cherry ? she starts crying 
how do you top a car ? tep on the brake , tupid ! 
where do dads keep their jokes ? in their dadabase . 
based on my search history , google suggests : a social life 
what's the difference between arabs and americans ? american kids come home from boyscouts 
barakaysan la hadal sida maalinta burcad ah ! 
well well well if it isn't the kangaroo whose pouch i'm in . 
why is windows10 releasing before nine ? because 7 8 9 
what room does a ghost not need ? a living room 
who shot first ? boba fett or jango fett ? han solo 
how many potatoes a day will make you fat ? 00000 
pro tip : wash your hands after you shake mine 
confucius say man who at night have scratchy bottom have at morning smelly fingers 
what's red and orange and looks good on hipsters ? fire . 
what's e . t . short for ? cus he's got little legs 
liquor probably won't fix your problems ... but it's worth a shot . 
recycling jesus died for our bins . 
how do they even grow a boneless chicken ? 
my friend fell into the gelatto machine . ice creamed in terror . 
i feel really safe there are police helicopter circling my house . 
who makes the music for the marvel movies ? the avengers ensemble . 
i bet we can get into some serious treble together . 
i only read 1 line jokes on reddit 
how did the pig get to the hospital ? in a hambulance . 
i think it's cool that our galaxy is named after a chocolate bar . 
why are saturday and sunday so strong ? because the rest are weekdays . 
when they say " all expenses paid " does that include bail ? 
why are divorces so expensive ? because they're worth it . 
i tried to eat soup with a fork . it was a strain . 
how do you get your hair into shape ? you condition it 
water is the most precious drink because without it we can't make coffee 
my plan for the day is to lay on the floor and not move 
you can only regret what you remember . - tequila 
hey girl , heard you really like pandas * seductively eats bamboo * 
rudolph . nose background : red border - radius : 50 include shiny 
why did the excluded tree grow ? to be long . 
mountains are funny . they're hill areas . 
" how many people here believe in ghosts ? " 
my favorite sitcom episode is the one where there's a huge misunderstanding . 
what do you called being pepper sprayed at uc davis ? occupational hazard . 
hey people , i've invented a new word . plagiarism . 
when i'm dead , these tweets will be worth twice as much . 
what do you give a sick pig ? oinkment ! 
you talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts . 
married with children was much funnier on tv . 
what does the funeral director say to the 11am service goers ? mournin 
i hate it when i punch ghosts ! http : imgur . com lvv8d6w 
what's santa's favorite snack ? a crisp pringle 
how did frankenstein's monster eat his lunch ? he bolted it down . 
why doesn't moses buy beer ? he brews it . 
where did ronda rousey learn how to take a punch ? holm school 
do they have a pregnancy test for immaculate conceptions ? 
hell is wallpapered with all your deleted selfies . 
i don't always start a joke without finishing it , but when i d 
press control , alt , and down arrow key . it's fun . 
i bought my girlfriend a treadmill and a victoria's secret catalogue . 
what's the strongest color ? super cyan 
chuck norris does not eat honey , he eats bees . 
some people say i'm conflicted ... i'm not so sure . 
why do they call them light bulbs ? they don't weigh very much 
" is a dolphin what ? ! " - hitler's wife answering the phone 
a church threw a celibacy party . nobody came . 
you know what a satisfied woman sounds like ? i didn't think so . 
what is a proctologist's drink of choice ? two fingers of whiskey . 
what's the most annoying joke in the world ? 
i'm not heartless , i've just learned how to use my heart less ... 
what's the only thing that could have saved george michael ? a whambulance 
where's the best place to do a mannequin challenge ? in a morgue . 
sometimes i think i am a bad mother because i don't like wine . 
which painter always had a very bad cold ? vincent van cough 
had some mushrooms this morning . breakfast of champignons . 
where does crazy horse live ? in an unstable . 
where does fred weasley shop ? forever 21 . 
raising children takes a village , preferably one with many vineyards . 
ambulances are the original transformers because sometimes they transform mid - ride into hearses 
woman at dentist 
well , lester holt definitely lost that debate . 
i'd tell you a cow joke ... but it would be utterly horrible . 
why are men faster than women ? ball bearings and stick shift . 
what's the hottest hotel in vegas ? the cosmopolitan 
what was the dentist's horrific gastronomical invention ? tartar sauce . 
a person has to have a warm heart and a cold beer . 
which american state is not great , but not bad either ? ok . 
jokes on you redditor if you are reading this ... you proved it . 
i've just invented a perfume made from holy water eau my god 
did you know that dogs can't get mri's ? only cat's can 
where do satanic cults get their candles from ? bloodbath amp beyond 
" have you senor self in a mirror lately ? " - mexicintervention 
how is reddit like fencing ? ripostes everywhere . 
someone called me lazy today ... i almost replied . 
" you're not the pizza guy . " bin laden's last words . 
how do you wake up a loafer ? with a shoe horn . 
how do you cook toilet paper ? you brown it on one side 
what do you call a nose that can see into the future ? nostrildamus 
how did humpty dumpty get ripped ? wall - sits . 
rest of the week anyway . 
how did i escape iraq ? iran . 
why were the indians here first ? they had reservations 
what has seven arms and can't spell ? def leppard 
what type pf culture is most peaceful and never gets angry ? nomads ! 
what kind of dog suffers most from being inbred ? a hot dog 
how did the octopus go to the war ? well armed ... 
the embarrasing email hillary clinton doesn't want anyone to know about deleted 
do you know what the problem with toilets is ? they're a pisstake . 
how do wasps send messages ? by bee - mail . 
what's cooler than being cool ? financial stability * shoutout to r personalfinance * 
what did the neckbeard say when he looked in the mirror ? m'se lf 
dyslexic , you say ? how do you spell that ? 
why do noses run and feet smell ? 
if jared fogle gets any rounder he may go full circle . 
any bar is a karaoke bar if you're drunk enough . 
the zoo only has one animal it's a shih tzu . 
how does dwayne johnson party ? like a rock star . 
" are you ok ? " never heard of him 
if your ringtone is my alarm sound , you can go straight to hell 
what do you call an elf singer ? elvish presley 
i can't think of anything worse than an over exaggerator 
i have a joke about unemployment it doesn't work though 
pilot on intercom : you guys want to see a dead body ? 
i am practicing how to die in photogenic positions 
how did the constipated mathematician solve his problem ? with a pencil ... 
i think a ladies pubic hair should be called ... a muffstache . 
i don't worry about terrorism . i was married for two years . 
i like telling science puns ... just to see the reaction ... 
what's a trees favorite drink ? root beer 
save your money ... you never know when your friends will need it . 
one of my hooter's girlfriends died yesterday ... may she breast in peace : 
what do you call it when printers have a party ? a paper jam 
you know what's better than being married ? everything . 
what is the most common educational degree in new mexico ? kindergarten dropout . 
why do blondes have tgif on their shoes ? toes go in first ! 
what did the german brat say to his father ? you're the wurst ! 
where can you leave your dog when you shop ? the barking lot . 
i went on a date with a dolphin today , we just clicked . 
i once solved a rubik's cube by not buying it . 
i just invested in chicken stock . it's all gravy . 
happy valentines day . and merry christmas to ftd , hallmark and zales . 
circular arguments are such a waste of time ... they are just pointless 
duck hunting joke what do you call a smart blonde ? a golden retriever 
the only thing i've learned from scary movies is to avoid pale children 
i basically have 3 hairstyles ... straight . wavy . homeless . 
what's the best day of the week to marry your gaming console ? wednesday 
what's the best thing about aids ? you're always positive 
what do santa's little helpers learn in school ? the elfabet ! 
a joke about elevators it was funny on so many levels 
you want to hear the best joke ever ? repost 
my local pizza place just folded now they serve calzones . 
why don't cows smoke weed ? the steaks would just be too high . 
pedolibby meme http : i . imgur . com v9lkiph . jpg 
what idiot called it kitchen worktop manufacture and not counter productive . 
the sign said free range chickens . so , i took some . 
what is the highest form of flattery ? a plateau 
alcoholics don't run in my family they stumble around and break things 
why netflix and chill ? because amazon and chill has 1 day delivery . 
i've only ever met white people with gluten allergies 
what std did forrest gump catch ? nsfw jennytal warts 
2000s kids wont get this . y2k 
did you hear lance armstrong lied the ball of some people 
facebook : a place for liars and braggers to unite . 
in soviet russia ... ... bar raise you ! 
don't steal . that's the government's job . 
sorry to text you so late but can your dog come over ? 
get out , run ! that dm was coming from inside the house 
yo mama so old her social security number is 1 ! 
hallucination an optical delusion . 
* hears a joke about a chocolate bar * * snickers * 
i went to an anti - religion camp once it was a blasphemy 
what does hilter get when he's scared ? the hebrewgeebies 
reasons i don't smoke pot 
my friend did some graffiti with me he just tagged along . 
what would hitler say to his son ? look , i am your fuhrer 
what do you call an arnold palmer with vodka ? a john daly 
i love dead baby jokes . . they never grow old . 
any skirt looks good on the back of the chair . 
what was hitler's favorite color to use when painting ? aryan white . 
" what goes down must come up . " - sir anorexic newton 
how come no one in a zombie movie has ever seen a zombie movie 
religious orders are more than just a sacrament they're a habit , too . 
how do australian bees please the queen bee ? they bee hive 
my wife's an experienced navigator , she gives great headings . 
i don't know why everyone is hating on this mayweather it's beautiful out . 
tigers blood gave charlie sheen hiv 
what's so unfunny that it's funny ? an anti - joke . 
kids are worthless because they're short and poor . 
patience is what parents have when there are witnesses . 
why were the new mittens so flirty ? young gloves . 
what do comedians put outside their house on halloween ? pun - kins 
never let the cia install your government . too much spyware . 
what looks just like half a loaf of bread ? its other half . 
how do you make ben carson yell ? watch a movie with him . 
can a match box ? no , but a tin can ! 
damn girl , are you weed ? because you smell dank . 
dyslexic zombies crave brians . 
what's superman's greatest weakness ? horses 
my girlfriend said i have crusty feet . i blame my socks . 
stationary thief hits police headquarters : police say they can't rule anything out . 
what do eggs do for fun ? they crack jokes . 
suicide is only illegal because dead people can't pay taxes . 
the reward for a job well done is more work . 
anyone can recommend a good hobbit movie ? 
what does a crappy carpenter make ? loose stools 
what was the mathematician's favorite johnny depp movie ? s of the carribean . 
rabbits who hang out in indie pet stores are hopsters . 
last csgo update 
i am as a wake as a funeral . 
have you heard about the new corduroy pillows ? they're making headlines everywhere ! 
my body is a temple but only because it hates palestine 
what's the most polite meal ? peas and franks . 
women and their rights 
what fuels electronics but drains a relationship ? battery 
tofu is over rated ... it's just a curd to me . 
my grandfather is so racist he only eats white chocolate at easter . 
why does reddit hate fencing ? ripostes 
got a paper cut turning the pages in my self - defense book . 
lottery : a tax on people who are bad at math . 
what did the glue taste tester say ? mmmmm . 
apparently , engineers talk how doctors write 
my parents just googled me and now they're crying 
what were chuck noris's last words ? brb 
what is jackie chan's favorite drink ? wa - taaaah ! 
my viagra addiction . . was the hardest time of my life . 
can somebody help me debug malaysian flight simulator ? it keeps crashing unexpectedly : 
yo momma so fat ... ... she's the third rock from the sun ! 
why do sharks like salt water ? because pepper makes them sneeze 
what kind of tiles can't you stick on walls ? reptiles ! 
is anyone here named jeff ? jeff : yes . jeoff : yeos . 
what do you call a guy that's lost his car ? carlos 
why was afraid of ? because ! 
if you pronounce coupon like qpon i hope you get eaten by a qgar 
napolean had a brother but you probably didn't know since they were bornaparte ! 
wearing my bra really helps me focus on exams i love academic support . 
when germany won the world cup , i did nazi that coming . 
good yawning everyone 
whispering : siri , whose bed am i in ? 
why was john lennon so ashy ? because he was cremated 
what fabric is worn in soviet russia ? linen 
just met a nerdy spider . he's a web designer 
don't even talk to me if you can't name all three powerpuff girls . 
what was spiderman's major in college ? web design 
what's a fireman's favourite drink ? water . 
my internet is so slow ... loading ... 
if you are not part of the solution , you're probably running for president 
what happens to captain america when he dies ? he goes to the evans 
why doesn't ed have a girlfriend ? because sheeran . 
whats a yoga instructors favourite kind of coffee ? pilatte 
if you emphasize the po in police they're probably already after you . 
st . patrick's day is like 420 for alcoholics . 
lif ... ... is too short . 
why can't you fool an aborted fetus because it wasn't born yesterday 
a can crushers job must be ... soda pressing . 
keep your friends close and your enemies in the trunk of your car . 
what is hillary clintons least favourite instrumeny ? the trump - et . 
for sale : crystal ball cant see any future in keeping it 
are you guys all right ? no , you are all left 
me : i look great today fluorescent lights : i can fix that . 
i have a love hate relationship with mood swings . 
pope innocent is an oxymoron 
i will never be okay with how michael is spelled . 
you know what really breaks my heart ? cholesterol . 
what is white and disturbs your breakfast ? an avalanche 
i see right through caitlin jenner because she's trans - parent 
not enough holes in walls any more , not like the glory days . 
where would you put an injured insect ? in an antbulance ! 
i'm one of those people that no one warned you about . 
what has 5 eyes ? invisibility 
when you're talking about everything and nothing your talking two extreme . 
beating your wife isn't a joke it's a punchline . 
what's batman's favorite fruit ? bananananananananana 
why does piglet stink so bad ? cause he always plays with pooh . 
why are paraplegics bad project teammates ? they never carry their own weight . 
happy belated birthday to everyone 
if at first you don't succeed try try a gun 
the best joke of all ... ... is the number of this sub's subscribers 
what are the worst six years in a blonde's life ? third grade ! 
i can't even imagine what people did at red lights before cellphones . 
i do yoga so i can dress myself when i'm single . 
i'm so sleepy i feel like i can sleep through to next year 
two introverts go to a bar . they leave immediately . 
donald trump will ... . make america great again ! 
be careful of your thoughts , they may become words at any moment . 
i workout religiously about once or twice around the holidays 
what shatters faster than your smartphone screen ? a newborn with osteoporosis . 
what's jian ghomeshi's favorite vegetable ? artichoke . 
what do you get if a convict goes camping ? criminal intent . 
something hit me at high frequency today it really hertz . 
the best joke of all time . women's rights . 
the most common type of web developers are not even human they are spiders 
what part of the body does a woman never move while dancing her bowels 
mama mama this bread tastes funny ! stfu and eat your brick . 
hey baby , wanna violate the pauli exclusion principle with me ? 
looks like erdogan had to quit ... ... cold turkey . rimshot 
what's the best truck in norway ? the fjord f150 . 
why is lettuce the most loving vegetable ? because it's all heart . 
what is it that separates humans from animals ? the mediterranean sea 
i have , a really beautiful body under my floor boards 
how do aliens stay warm ? space heater . 
i'm so damn tired . i haven't slept since last year . 
as a pot smoking narcissist , my life is all smoke and mirrors 
* knock knock * " are you a jehovah's witness " ? 
what would happen if pigs went on strike ? they'd form pigget lines . 
sleep is like my love life , i ain't getting any 
how do you project confidence ? multiply by the cosine of the angle . 
a comment suitable for most of the reddit jokes repost 
do you ever feel , like a plastic bag . . 
what do you call someone who gets high fast ? a speed weeder . 
q . what is the color of the wind ? a . blew . 
the hardest part about eating a vegetable ... manipulating the wheel chair . 
yo mama is so fat , she tried to eat cornelius fudge . 
did you hear about the clown who refined iron ? he smelt funny 
wishy - washy sounds like someone that's optimistically clean . 
sometimes , when i think about books i touch my shelf 
why did the clothing store close ? the employees where slacking off . 
every time a taco bell rings , an angel gets diarrhea 
" this is groundbreaking stuff . " inventor of the shovel 
why do astronomers eat steak before skywatching ? they're hoping for meatier showers 
what do you call watson when sherlock isn't around ? holmeless 
nsfw jokes 
who will inherit all of trump's money ? his hair . 
yo mama so ugly that not even goldfish crackers smile back 
" i never weigh myself " - people who weigh themselves daily 
what's a ego maniac's favorite candy ? air heads 
why didn't rivendell help gondor ? elfish reasons . 
why is the blood of christ wine ? because he drank religiously 
a fireman's pole is a stripper's pole that takes you places . 
my extra sensitive toothpaste cries when i don't brush my teeth 
how do you kill a vampire dinosaur ? you stakeasaurus . 
my masturbation addiction is getting bad i'm right in the grips of it . 
why don't chickens wear underwear ? because their peckers are on their faces . 
that awkward moment when i'm really drunk and you're still ugly . 
what does a frog do when it barbecues ? rib it ... duh ! 
what did the lawyer name his daughter ? sue 
i started to sing the poop song dad said it was crappy . 
what's batman's least favourite album ? a night at the opera . 
i am ... a joke ! 
i have a car ! i had a car , untill i woke up 
where did the fonz go for his drinking problem ? a - aaaaaayyyyyyyy 
where do pigs park their cars ? in porking lots . 
i know a really good joke braden 
coke is just cherry coke after it's lost its virginity . 
what position does the pig play in football ? loinback . 
i love 80s rock it always makes me bon jovial 
what language do birds speak ? pigeon english ! 
why did the communists trip over ? because they were russian ! 
i set them up , you ... 
the 2016 election what a joke , am i right ? 
where do peek - a - boo patients go ? the icu . 
i went to an aa meeting i met a lot of batteries 
it's only perverted if she says no . . 
the dirty dancing lift , except i'm throwing her off a cliff . 
if you happy and you know it thank your ex ! 
what disease do terrible parkers have ? parkin'si ns 
what is the definition of trust ? two cannibals going down on one another 
what was princess diana's favorite thing about the xbox 360 ? the dashboard . 
it's so hot i just saw two trees fighting over a dog . 
i have a friend who's half indian . ian 
i'm writing a song about milking a cow . it's all quarter notes . 
what do horses eat on the internet ? hayy lmao 
why don't shrimp give anything to charity ? because they're shellfish . 
why could darren jump higher than zeus ? because he was mortall . 
why couldn't the lumberjack sign into facebook ? because he was logged out ! 
what was the bear protesting ? his right to human arms 
i had the best ice cube it's like it could melt in my mouth 
what was the rock band doing at the kitchen sink ? moshing the dishes 
" why ? " - socrates and four year - olds 
i'm quitting drinking for good . now i drink for evil . 
if i got karma for posts ... i'd still have no karma 
i'm blonde . what's your excuse ? 
i've decided not to have children the kids are devastated . 
other people's children are my form of birth control . 
alzheimer joke not sure if repost . i'll see myself out ... 
my corduroy pillow has been making headlines all week . 
i posted a joke about a coffin before on reddit it got buried 
what kind of shoe does mr . t wear ? t - shoes ! 
why is flour so dumb ? it's inbred . 
in my opinion scotland should be independent , otherwise mel gibson died for nothing 
miami football heh heh heh . 
dear life ... would you at least start using lubricant ... . 
: o : p 69 simple math 
what do you call an italian with no arms ? deaf 
i am not the same person at 8am and 8pm . 
i'm no computer expert , but spreadsheets are really where i excel 
you can't spell chipotle without e . coli 
what's a dragracers favourite meal ? brake - fast 
this tub of margarine doesn't believe it's me . 
knock knock who's there ! albee ! albee ! albee a monkey's uncle ! 
what is worse than a worm in your apple ? the holocaust 
irish joke so three irish men walk out of a bar 
marijuana is the answer ! i don't remember the question 
when life hands you donkeys , move to a mountainous region . 
that which does not kill me ... should run . 
cats are just dogs who've been to drama school . 
what's cold and always runs from a fight ? coward ice . 
7 11 was a part time job 
how do you kill a hipster ? by drowning it in the mainstream 
apologising made simple by thayer thorry 
what is pat sajak's favorite christmas carol ? no l 
why do clowns make bad entrepreneurs ? because they're into some funny business 
math proves girls are evil 
the proclaimers walked 500 miles without a fitbit ? 
if we didn't have lawyers ... we wouldn't need lawyers ! 
pi - ku math is fun when mixed with some pie 
til abortion doctors are also called spawn campers 
" hell , yes . " ... the devil answered the phone . 
what's the hardest thing on a cowboy ? the 4th grade . 
what's the difference between a sadist and a math teacher nothing 
my business card is just a moist slice of cantaloupe . 
i have beautiful children thank god my wife is having affairs 
why couldn't helen keller drive because she was a woman 
to the guy that invented zero ... thanks for nothing . 
what do you call a german guy that measure horses hands 
when are minorities not minorities ? when you look at crime statistics . 
sorry i always spell your name brain , guys named brain . 
remember the guy who lost his left side ? he's * alright * now 
that's a great river dam it ! 
how to break into comedy crack a joke 
always carrying a megaphone in case you have to sigh at someone far away 
iggy azalea must have an infinitely high viscosity because she got no flow . 
where do you buy a walrus ? walmart ! 
he died doing what he loved making toast in the shower 
what is a pirate's favorite pokemon ? arrrriados 
why'd the band teacher go to jai ? because he fingered a - minor 
what's a horny pirates worst nightmare ? a sunken chest with no booty 
what's the most dishonest place on earth ? the library 
what do pirates have with their fish tart arrrrrrrr sauce 
i bet george washington's favorite drinking game had to have been quarters . 
i wonder what people with house phones posted on myspace today ? 
the divorce rate among my socks is astonishing 
i respect you , liquor store shopping cart user . 
" wow he's good " - possum at the morgue 
what's a mouse's best friend ? curiosity ! 
who called it freeze dried pork and not 6 degrees kelvin bacon ? 
what was rihanna's nickname for chris brown ? beats me . 
how big was osama bin laden's hard drive ? one terrorbyte . 
what do you call a math teacher in an anime ? sin pi 
when you watch jersey shore , darwin cries . 
if a mute kid swears does his mother wash his hands with soap ? 
why did tiger woods get divorced ? because tiger was a lion cheetah ! 
why do engineers work out a lot ? they're obsessed with rigid bodies ! 
i'm so out of shape internet explorer could probably run faster than me 
what's trump's favorite pink floyd album ? the wall . huehuehue 
alcohol makes me worse at everything except telling secrets . 
i be a quantum pirate . i'll make ye walk the planck . 
do you like any sports ? no , but i like the iphone 10s 
have you heard my joke about construction ? i'm still working on it 
why are ducks always sad ? because of their bills 
when you get a brain freeze from a margarita you know you have problems 
i'm invincible . i can not be vinced 
chem students do it on the table periodically . 
wana hear a knock knock joke ? two guys walk into a bar ... 
there's nothing quite as american as eating when you're not even hungry 
why do stormtroopers never laugh ? because they always miss the joke 
why should you never shower with pokemon ? because he may pikachu 
* flashes smile * * smile calls police * 
* throws up gang signs * * never eats gang signs again * 
what are golfers afraid of ? the bogey monster 
what's the opposite of a hipster ? a napster 
without me , it's just aweso . 
if you have 12 enchiladas ... . is it a foot - alada ? 
why is steve jobs middle child unemployed ? because he's always inbetween jobs . 
" do these horizontal stripes make my country look fat ? " american flag 
hey guy that puts the stickers on tomatoes , nobody likes you . 
the best cure for male pattern baldness is a six - figure income . 
* drinks 6 pack of muscle milk * * checks for abs * 
a man gave me 79 protons thanks for the gold ! 
what's the difference between redditors and eggs ? eggs get laid . 
what is the best cure for a headache ? decapitation ! ! ! 
according to myfitnesspal , i have been dead for 6 weeks . 
no matter how much you push the envelope ... ... it's still stationery . 
our school should start a calculus club we would all derive fun from it 
werner heisenberg's epitaph : here lies heisenberg . ? 
what gave the blonde a stomach ache ? nivea milk . 
hagrid is so fat the sorting hat put him in the waffle house 
yo mama so skinny she hula hoops with a cheerio 
what do you call two nuns playing a bongo ? a conundrum . 
" cool calculator watch dude . " nobody since 1987 . 
itself itself itself itself itself itself itself itself itself ... . - history 
what operating system does varys have on his computer ? unix 
a confident swipe of the debit card is my favorite fantasy . 
who do mice worship ? cheesus . : 
so bored i just logged into my linkedin account . 
my lovelife is like a ferrari . i can't afford it . 
if u don't like central stations ur gonna hate grand central station 
marshawn lynch came back to play for the month of october . breast mode 
why is ronaldo so good at football ? oil of ole ole ole 
a gun is like a coupon that works anywhere 
what's the secret to a great joke the timing . the timeing . 
i was thinking of getting myself cryogenically frozen but now i have cold feet 
" plagiarism squad reporting for duty sir ! " " copy that " 
why should you never play poker with african cats ? because they're cheetahs . 
two vegans get in an argument they now have beef 
when you've got a bladder infection ... urine trouble . 
sorry your dad died . here's a card with a waterfall on it 
yahoo answers is my primary care physician 
people who still say yolo only deserve to live once anyway . 
what do you call christopher reeve before the accident ? christopher walken . 
there is no more cake . this is my suicide note . 
why don't we call the hindenburg ... ... the skytanic ? 
you deserve a standing ovation from my tallest finger . 
how to you make a hormone ? you kick her in the groin . 
what's big grey and flies straight up ? an elecopter ! 
what sounds like a frog but keeps me up all night ? reddit 
friends don't let friends talk about pi lest they become irrational . 
what do you call a russian with tourettes syndrome ? yukanol fukov 
tifu by taking someone else's subway order oops , wrong sub . 
what do you call a group of naked old men doing yoga ? lululemonparty 
cleaning ladies : the new craze that's sweeping the nation 
im so glad i learned sign language its pretty handy 
artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity . 
where does lonely soup go ? to a brothel . 
* runs baywatch - style into oncoming traffic * 
i can't rsvp until i know the wifi situation at your event . 
what did jose name his son ? hose b 
how to make 500 fast attach it to a rocket credit : 4chan 
what do you call a racing horse that's never been groomed ? furlong 
why do pencils shave ? to look sharp 
good girls are bad girls that never get caught . 
tifu with my girlfriend ... ... she was on top 
with all these new apple devices , what's gonna be next ? the ipoor 
german sausage jokes are the wurst ... 
yo momma's so fat she drives a spandex car . 
repairing old clothes by fred bare 
i'm not that great at origami ... i cut corners . 
what did judas say after capturing jesus ? nailed it . 
every snail has a perfectly baked cinnamon bun inside its shell 
i think my cat's a communist ... he won't shut up about mao 
i await the announcement that trump's running mate will be charlie sheen . 
for my next trick i need a condom and a volunteer ... 
i just ran a . 003048k 
tasted the best borscht ever ! it'll be hard to beet . 
what is the most painful way to be measured in megahertz 
which presidential candidate does tom brady support ? whichever can reduce inflation . 
what cs : go hack do tumblr girls use ? trigger bot . 
my girlfriend dumped me on a fishing trip . she left me reeling . 
why is quicksilver so fast ? because he's russian 
what do you call fireworks that don't work ? fireunemployed . 
is rick moranis dead ? or just his career ? 
sunday is an attractive person at the bar who turns out to be religious 
who went into a witche's den and came out alive ? the witch ! 
happy new year ! welcome to 20 ! 
jury remains deadlocked in the case of good times v . bad times 
what do you call the remnants of blown up cheese debrie ! ! 
i once overdosed on viagra . my wife took it really hard . 
coffee is the silent victim in our house . it gets mugged everyday 
roses are red violets are blue i have a gun get in the van 
there is a big difference between hating you and losing respect for you . 
jesus take the veal i am vegetarian 
what do you call an all female traveling band mobile broadband 
drunk girls really seem to enjoy dancing on top of things . 
what is moses's favorite beer ? busch light . 
what's going be america's largest export once trump gets elected ? americans . 
what do you call hitler with a fin ? adolf - fin 
change is inevitable ... unless you go to a vending machine . 
why does jesus jaywalk ? because he hates crosswalks 
they're making a christmas edition of the human centipede it's called the human santapede 
what is shia labeouf's favourite genre of music ? jazz duets . 
instagram would have been a good name for a weed delivery service 
why did the orange fail school ? it couldn't concentrate . 
the whip was especially popular in the 1800's 
what's glenn's favorite fast food ? popeyes ! 
reddit starts with an r and , ends whit an e . right ? 
why did the grocery delivery guy get fired ? he drove people bananas ! 
what happen if a bomb blasts in a bra or a man's underwear ? 
why did the monkey fall out of the tree ? heart failure 
i'm at my most spiderman when using a public restroom 
share the most offensive and politically incorrect jokes you know . 
what's the most confusing day in a mormon home ? mother's day . 
welcome to the geology department have a gneiss day ! 
where do calculus students go when they are sick ? to l'ho pital . 
no . i'm not pregnant . that's my liver . 
what is a mother's favorite christmas carol ? silent night . 
vaccines are an inside jab . 
what are ducks favorite drug ? quack . 
you ever do one single chore and then ride that high for 10 years 
what's more dangerous than a serial killer ? a parallel killer . 
i don't have a mental problem , i have mental problems ... plural . 
what do you call gumby's sidekick in jamaica ? pokemon 
how do you call a white racist whitler 
according to webmd , people are sick tired of me 
i just saw a girl pay for a drink . is everyone okay ? 
" boop " - zebra walking past a self service checkout . 
i only make my food from the natural ingredients , like uranium and asbestos 
im dating : britney spears rn 
dear dairy there sure are a lot of cows around here . 
what's a republican's favorite number ? " nein ! " 
two parallel lines match on tinder but they never meet . 
the person who discovered electricity ... must have been quite shocked ! 
15 18 10 
if we took korea's capital away ... they would be seoulless 
what is hillary clinton's favorite arcade game ? pac - man . 
i have this reoccurring nightmare called a job . 
lqod lu lls i lsn o u ppo i read it upside down 
mcdonalds ... closing thigh gaps since 1967 . 
the gym called ... he said he needed to be picked up 
what does hodor start off his day with ? raisin bran . 
only pools and corpses a new sitcom starring michael barrymore and demi moore . 
opportunity knocks once , however temptation likes to lean on the door bell . 
how come hitler never went to the movies ? because he could nazi ! 
i have six words for you . 
i went to see a psychic today she said she was expecting me 
give me the puns , all of em hit me with your puns reddit 
people are like onions ... i always cry when i cut them up . 
my friend david got his id stolen ... we call him dav now ! 
what's the worlds most forceful fig ? the fig newton . 
dogs can't operate an mri . but cats can . 
what is the national sport of north korea ? ping - pyong - yang 
i've been developing a photographic memory . 
why can't a stormtrooper have a baby ? because they always miss . 
what's the difference between donald trump and adolf hitler ? a mustache 
what's beethoven doing in his grave ? he's decomposing . 
pickup got a dank sub woofer for 100 today whoops wrong sub 
some people are like pennies . two - faced and worthless . 
ever notice how unaware people are of the world around them ? no ? 
i hate every child in a commercial . 
my gladiator dvd stopped working ... talk about an * epic * fail . 
i get my best showering ideas when i'm writing jokes . 
some people can't stand being in a wheelchair 
who came after augustus ? septembrus 
why did the cave hate miners ? they're always picking on him . 
what does a successful rapping cow struggle with ? moo money moo problems 
really good joke ! ! ! ! don't click ! nsfw lemkie 
my ex wife still misses me but her aim is getting better 
i'd explain it to you again but i'm fresh out of crayons and puppets 
why can't short people cook ? because the steaks are too high . 
can you even work your smartphone ? in what capacity ? 
what is a juanito ? a little juan 
i've got no beef with white wine . 
how many possibilities does a man with no arms and legs have ? limbitless 
what's brown and runs around your garden ? your fence . 
what did medusa call the sheep she turned to stone ? baaaaasalt 
what's big , white , and can't climb a tree ? a refrigerator . 
what kind of tea did the american colonists want ? liberty 
why wasn't hitler allowed at the barbeques ? he always burned the franks . 
hi welcome to hollister , would you like a flashlight ? 
there was an indecisive buddha ... ... his mantra was ummmm 
like people say things like tuna fish but not duck bird or dad father 
what do you see when pillsbury doughboy bends over ? donuts 
isis " preventing the theft of unattended baggage since 1989 " 
what happened when turkey was accused of being chicken ? it staged a coup 
finally i found out how hashtags work hashtag hashtags work how found 
" 27 hilarious ways you know journalism is dead " - journalism 
why is han solo a loner ? because he's solo . 
girl , are you my funny bone ? cause you're humerus . 
a clown held the door open for me today it was a nice jester 
" i hate confrontation " " no , you don't " 
before i had kids i was going to be an awesome mom . 
always borrow money from a pessimist . he won't expect it back . 
i just googled magnum condoms and i swear i could hear siri laughing . 
jokes about white sugar are rare ... but brown sugar , demerara . 
i'm not racist ... i own a color tv ! 
did you hear about the group of warriors eating caviar ? they choked 
what was early man's best friend ? primates 
bart simpson's chalkboard was the original twitter . 
how do you cut pizza ? with little ceasar's . 
what type of car would the hamburglar drive ? a hamburghini . 
love is energy over time because watt is love ? 
i used to make a living crushing cans . it was soda pressing . 
what is the rock going to name his daughter ? pebbles ! 
how do crazy people go through the forest ? they take the psycho path 
what does a chef call an undercover cop ? pig in a blanket . 
hey shakespeare , are you writing your next play in pentameter ? iamb . 
kinda bored . might shake things up by believing in santa again . 
nbcsports thank you for making the sports 
you know who else has a naughty list ? hr 
what's a crackhead with no drugs ? crack - a - lacking 
whatever you do , always give 100 . unless you're donating blood 
most of my family has diarrhea it runs in our jeans 
they say two heads are better than one ... men are the exception 
what are the best kinds of speedbumps ? orphan shaped ones . 
" my cocaine " how michael caine says his name ... 
yo mama so ugly , she has to use prescription make - up ! 
why does everybody like the mushroom ? because he's a fun guy . 
sick of tweeting . switching to faxing . what's everybody's fax numbers ? 
a constipated woman once went 45 days without pooping it was a crowning achievement 
i usually hate having long hair but i think it's growing on me . 
the dinner i ate last night is going to give my grandchildren diabetes . 
i love every bone in your body , especially mine . 
i do less before 9am than most people don't do all day . 
why is hannibal so rich ? well , he save on groceries . 
what did h say 2 o ? water you doing ? 
how did michael hutchence take his drugs ? inxs 
can i list french fries as my significant other ? 
where does the three legged horse live ? the unstable 
i work in the elevator business . it has it's ups and downs . 
it takes two who know how to tango to tango . 
me have great grammar ... me learnt everything i know from sesame street ! 
quick snowden transition into a woman 
what is this superb owl of which you speak ? 
why call it ordering pizza and not the pursuit of happiness 
what kind of tree grows in your hand ? a palm tree . 
nobody works harder than a drunk person trying to carefully whisper a secret . 
where do dead people buy their cigarettes ? at the coroner store . 
i may have alzheimer's , but at least i don't have alzheimer's ! 
one hundred metres to the bus stop by willy makit illustrated by betty wont 
my memory is flawless but my ability to recall is not great 
i could be a morning person . if morning started around noon . 
what kinda vegetables like to party ? lettuce turnip da beet ! 
so i found a new clickbait technique . so did you . 
remember when we were all like " facebook movie with justin timberlake ? ! 
did the deer have any doe ? he had 2 bucks 
nice try , resealable potato chip bags . 
how do deaf people tell each other secrets ? they wear mittens . 
r news pyongyang fify 
a magician walks down the street and turns into a bar . voila ! 
which side of the goose has the most feathers ? the outside 
these twins i knew in high school both got mono ... they got stereo 
what is an irish 7 course meal ? a six pack and a potato 
with great power comes huge electricity bill 
shoutout to grandpa ... that's the only way he can hear . 
my cell phone battery dies quicker than a mother in a disney movie 
if electricity comes from electrons , does morality come from morons ? 
* slips into milk bath * * starts drinking * 
what's the chilliest ground in the premiership ? cold trafford ! 
humans : we're not like snakes also humans : mmmm eggs 
my playstation got stolen ... i have no one to console me . 
my friend mahmoud bombed his physics final . at least he didn't fail . 
the same people who laugh at gypsy fortune tellers take economists seriously . 
what would martin luther king be if he was white ? alive . 
definition of divorce : the future tense of marriage . 
why are magicians always sad ? because everything they have disappears 
where do bears store their military weapons ? in bearracks . 
why does popeye have such huge forearms ? olive oil is a virgin 
the best things in life require no pants . 
barn owls must have been stoked when the barn was invented 
wanna hear a cheesy conspiracy ? halluminati 
bill clinton has been battling the same illness for 17 years . pneumonica . 
what do you call nazis from san francisco ? bay aryans 
how do you start a stampede in ethiopia ? carve a turkey 
i recently joined a nudist colony . . the first week was the hardest 
you know what gets me down ? elevators . 
breaking : an egg . i'm making scrambled eggs . 
i poked my eye out . 
what do you call an angry terrorist ? amin amood 
" use the forceps , luke ! " - obi gyn kenobi 
what do cannibals call family members they love ? bae - kin 
once you go norris , you are physically unable to go back . 
what do you call weaponized sushi ? a combat roll 
don't you hate it when dontyouhateitwhenpeopledontusespaces 
what do japan and shaq have in common ? kobe beef 
shortest joke i've ever heard dwarf shortage . 
life is too complicated in the morning . 
how do you pick up older spanish women ? hola seniority 
my father is invisible ... a trans - parent 
world war iii will happen when jason statham kidnaps liam neeson's daughter . 
what does moses do when he wants a beer ? he brews ! 
can gorillas swim ? no . 
what do you call the mercury mine ? hg wells 
shortest joke ever ? " pretentious ? moi ? " 
marriage brings two people together to solve issues they never had before 
just be yourself . all the good personalities are taken . 
who is the most trustworthy lover ? shakira . her hips don't lie . 
fingerprints are proof that god doesn't trust us 
good chance of showers today . - - bathroom forecast . 
i've just bought myself a hyena . finally my jokes will be appreciated . 
what did the oyster say when the monster broke into his home ? shucks 
attractive woman : what time is it ? me : haha . yeah definitely 
q : what has two legs and bleeds ? a : a chopped baby 
my mate dave is living the dream . he's in a coma ... 
do you know the thing about carpets ? they demand to be felt . 
why does ariel wear seashells ? because she can't fit into d shells 
you deplete me 
some mistakes are too much fun to only make once . 
why was the lion a terrible cannibal ? he couldn't swallow his pride . 
obviously you don't think you're ignorant ! that's the meaning of ignorance ! 
what do you call a starving artist from 17th century england ? baroque 
i can spell relief with one letter p ! 
what is hitler's favourite animal ? adolphin 
what's the most popular board game in canada sorry . 
hey baby ! what's up ? baby : my mother's uterus . 
who is tall dark and a great dancer ? dark raver ! 
what do you call a smug criminal going downstairs ? a condescending con descending 
what do you fire from underwater guns ? seashells 
what's the world's scariest plant ? bamboo ! 
what can strike a blonde without her even knowing it ? a thought . 
9 months later story 
why can't cats vote ? because they are non - voting felines ! 
3 guys walked into a bar but one ducked 
what's the definition of a great farmer ? he's outstanding in his field . 
what do you call a seagull by the bay ? a bagel . 
what's the abominable snowman's favourite food ? spag - yeti . 
buy one annoying person , get two free ! - in - laws 
if you clone a twin ... do you get triplets ? 
breaking : man stabbed and killed morgan freeman s granddaughter 
you've got a face even an instagram filter couldn't fix . 
what's another name for a dentists ? a filling station ! 
open the door ... ... ooen the door ... . open the door odour 
which religion faces the most resistance ? hinduism ... om ... ... 
no internet access in cairo - now the country is just called gypt . 
what is 1x times d xd 
why are 490 romans funny ? because xd 
my dog acts like her entire family was murdered by a vacuum cleaner . 
why do androids go to africa to party ? because botswana have fun . 
if you like internet jokes , you should see my online bank account . 
people who say they don't know how to lie are lying . 
deja moo : the feeling that you've heard this bull before . 
when math majors graduate , do they get degrees or radians ? 
everyone thought the uk made the stupidest decision of 2016 sure showed them 
what do 9 out of 10 people agree on ? a gangbang 
there was a mathematician who couldn't afford lunch . he could binomial . 
if you have an oculus rift ... then you're luckey . 
this is your captain speaking , and this is your captain shouting . 
does a litter box count as a guest bathroom ? 
what water does snake drink ? big voss . 
how should you treat a baby goat ? like a kid . 
rap is to music as etch - a - sketch is to art . 
if you refuse to take a nap ... are you resisting a rest ? 
what happens when bosnian terrorists start attacking municipal government buildings ? it herzegovina 
does your wife know you're single ? 
nice guys don't finish last , fat guys do . 
why can't ray charles read ? because he's blind you racist ! 
where did the kid with adhd go ? aushwitz 
how do you kill vegetarian vampires ? with a steak to the heart . 
favorite cheese what is a mathematicians favourite cheese ? dairylea cheese right angles 
is a red headed ninja called a ginja ? 
where does a sith lord do their shopping ? the maul . 
the boomerang is australia's chief export and then import 
how long can an owl live ? 6 1 2 books ... 
nostalgia sure isn't what it used to be . 
what is 2chainz's favorite tv channel ? trutv 
never never never tell someone you are patient . they will test you ... 
what is the first thing that vampires learn at school ? the alphabat . 
chuck norris won an award today kanye west sat politely in his seat . 
gluten free pizza is like a roller coaster that just goes straight . 
why couldn't the hipsters save the hippies ? they were too far out . 
how do you interrupt a redditor's winning streak ? the game 
woops i wrote a joke with no punchline a joke with no punchline 
how are men like fuses ? once they're blown , they're useless . 
what is meant by a pull factor ? a big red sports car . 
i'm not only glad that toothpaste was invented i'm enamelled by it . 
my attention span is shorter than donuts are better with sprinkles . 
i finally opened the condom in my wallet and it had a beard . 
what's the difference between 0 1 and 0 2 ? nothing . 
wife : rock the baby . me : * plugs in amp * 
what's the russian royalty's favorite type of fish ? czar - dines ! 
what do you call 250 dead politicians ? a good start . 
if you jump off a bridge in paris ... they'll declare you in seine 
where do baby ghosts go during the day ? dayscare centers 
as i get older , i'm really just looking for girls gone mild . 
what does a dalek do in the shower ? exfoliate ! 
why was jack scared ? because jack was bean stalked 
what's vladimir's favorite song ? putin on the ritz 
my surgeon said no drinking for 24 hours , then we both laughed . 
what is dracula's favorite fruit ? neck - tarines . 
which dog can tell time ? a watchdog . 
who designed noah's ark ? an ark - itect ! 
i bet you haven't heard this one before 53154 
my wife left me for a fisherman . poor guy's still reeling . 
never date a baker they're too kneady 
how many cats ? one . 
sports do not build character . they reveal it . 
where animal does russian milk come from ? moscows 
revenge is a dish whose photos i haven't yet seen on instagram . 
wanna hear my life story ? tl dr ... 
if google can't find the answer , it's not a question . 
afghani drinking game for cricket world cup car bombs 
what do you call a good looking lebanese man ? azif 
whos jared fogles favorite outlaw ... ... billy the kid 
i liked nicki minaj a lot better when she was michael jackson . 
where does ned flanders pick up women ? on okilydokilycupid 
i think this is the weekend to finally tell my parents i'm straight . 
in bed i'm like beethoven it's all over in three movements . 
who's the idiot who named the song the sound of silence and not 
what did the redneck say to his sister ? oooh yeah , baby ! 
whats brown and ... whats brown and rhymes with snoop ? p p 
the usa condemns unprovoked invasion of a sovereign nation . 
my optometrist likes to make eye puns they keep getting cornea and cornea 
your secrets are safe with me , i wasn't even listening to you . 
99 problems and pizza solves every single 1 
what do you give a canine seeking meaningless validation on the internet ? pupvotes 
do vegetarian cops ... ... . go on stakeouts ? 
" crocodile after awhile . " - yoda 
what did the boys do together ? roam and tick things . . 
what's the opposite of stephen hawking ? stephen talking . 
why are elephants gray ? so you don't get them confused with blueberries . 
money can't buy happiness ... poverty can't buy * anything * 
why wouldn't the pimp water his lawn ? he couldn't trust his hose . 
my background check bounced . 
having a tan is attractive . having skin sponsored by doritos isn't . 
let's count to 10 . 000 
why can't there be a santa pig ? pigs don't fit in chimneys . 
what is another word for pokemon ? a rastafarian proctologist 
what does batman do on father's day ? he oh ... 
r . i . p . 2013 2013 - 2013 
what do you call mike tyson on drugs ? methed up 
carlsberg don't do alzheimer's ... ... but they do make exceedingly good cakes . 
i'm getting the band back together ... . we're called new direction . 
what did the ents yell as they attacked isengard ? ambush . 
a guaranteed way to make a hormone ... don't pay her ... 
christianity is the ultimate daddy issue . 
whats a hoes idea ? a thot . 
test boast , please ignore . mitochondria are better than yourtochondria . 
shot my first turkey today . scared everyone in the frozen meat department . 
where does honey come from ? beez nuts 
riverdance was invented by an irish family with 7kids but only one toilet . 
million dollar idea : invest 995 , 000 in a bank cd . 
i bet taylor swift still believes in santa claus . 
life like potato ... only have one , then soldier come and take . 
two pretzels were walking down the street ... ... one was a salted . 
can the ninja throw his ninja stars ? shurikan 
my grandfather had alzheimers ... 
my cousin's shoe store burned down yesterday there were so many lost soles . 
keep scrolling ... i got nothing ! ! 
a parliament of owls , a murder of crows , a thatsso of ravens 
why did the brother octopi look so alike ? they were itentacle twins . 
you don't know humility until your ouija board gets snippy with you . 
never marry a woman who was captain of the debate team . 
why can't you hear a pterodactyl urinate ? the " p " is silent 
welcome to alzheimer's club . i see a lot of new faces today . 
everyone can find one person or three cats waiting for him . 
whats hitler's favorite type of joke a roast 
what did einstein eat as a baby ? formula ! 
what do you call a manager that hasn't grown up yet ? a kidager 
three nazis walk into a bar they all get shot . 
q : what's the strongest bird ? a : a crane . 
what's a republican congressman's favorite movie ? kill bill 
dishes are like boyfriends . my roommate should really stop doing mine 
i am iron man ! the real one ... . 
a feminist asked for my name i said i'm hugh mungus 
no , i am not insulting you . i am just describing you . 
" we met in church . " lies we tell kids . 
a plane crashes and everyone dies . 
cinnabon got it right with the whole selling cinnamon rolls all day thing . 
gravity maxim trow yourself from the building and catch from the boardwalk ! 
a table walks into a bar and says ... drinks are on me ! 
i wish all tests were things you peed on 
i heard they finally updated the encyclopedia of chronology it's about time . 
god doesn't play dice well , that's what he tells mrs god . 
my best friend is so white she pays for her kid's school lunches . 
what do jedi sheep sound like ? dagobah . 
what goes ooooooo ? a cow with no lips . 
" i never metadata i didn't like " - nsa 
i sleep better naked ... why can't the flight attendant understand this ? 
if you don't like my opinion of you improve yourself ! 
i have a wig , i have an orange , ugh donald trump 
so hillary clinton logs into her e - mail deleted 
i'm so poor i'm taking a vacation on google street view this year . 
where do onions wrestle ? onion rings . 
muffins are just cupcakes that will never get laid . 
where do tumblr users go to pray ? the cis - teen chapel 
the american flag red with blood blue with tears white with privilege 
google changed to alphabet mostly alpha , not making it to bet - 
how do you deal with ignorant people ? i really don't know . 
my husband gets so mad when i introduce him as my first husband . 
* takes a picture of food for instagram * food : delete it 
she just didn't get that i was into fish . geez 
why did thor file a police report ? because someone stole his thunder 
10 reasons why doctors use defibrillators ... number 4 will shock you ! 
why can't atheists solve exponential equations ? they don't believe in higher powers . 
i plan on getting " sidewalk nap " drunk tonight . 
two ghosts walk into a bar ... they don't say ow . 
what did the dog bring to party ? wooffies ! 
turtles think frogs are homeless . 
why was 56 scared ? because 28 8 1 . 
damn i hate this time of year i just get so damn claustrophobic 
man drowned in muesli got pulled in by a strong currant 
can't afford a cat ? duct tape 3 squirrels together , next question 
why do molluscs only think of themselves ? because they're shellfish 
i haven't gained weight . i'm just retaining cookies . 
just bought a sweet british accent off of daniel craig's list . 
what does a feminist doorbell say ? stop - oppressing - me 
what kind of concert costs 45cents ? 50cent feat . nickelback 
best thing about being a hermit ? no peer pressure . 
a movie theater near me closed down they didn't meet projections 
my vocabulary is so poor ... i can not express it in words . 
why did the sand dune blush ? because the sea weed 
what do you call a starfish with a missing arm patrick stump 
dating a single mother : it's like continuing from somebody else's saved game . 
what is the mods favorite joke ? deleted 
why can i never be a doctor ? because i don't have any patients 
elliott smith ... wouldn't know heartache if it stabbed him in the chest . 
walls are just sober floors . 
how do you start making big bucks ? with a little doe 
what is a favorite film for an average girl ? mean girls 
can you name a grateful astronomer ? how about neil degracias tyson ? 
kind of cruel that " stutter " has two syllables . 
why don't feminists carry handguns ? because of the triggers 
the more people i meet , the more i like my dog . 
i guess you can say trusting a russian merchant is pretty ... roosky business 
i'd try taco bell's breakfast but i don't start drinking that early . 
if you believe binoculars are overrated , then look no further . 
my exercise routine is a running joke . 
i don't have bad posture , my body's just sad . 
1 in every 5 dolphins is a method actor . 
why did the lizard take viagra ? he suffered from a reptile disfunction . 
what do you call an unfinished inflow of money ? incomplete . 
i went to a seafood disco once ... and i pulled a mussel . 
" lets all start wearing weird 90s mom jeans ! " - girls now 
what is a dog's favourite easter treat ? jelly bones ! 
why was darth vader so ugly ? because he had sithilis . 
spoilers i guess you could say tommen ... made a king's landing . 
business idea : audio books for deaf people 
statistically , 1 in 5 of the jackson's are randy . 
a banker broke up with his girlfriend ... he lost interest . 
parallel parking reality show . get on that . 
what do lawyers use for birth control ? their personalities . 
why do feminists hate apple ? because they're not pc . 
how do dogs do business ? pro - bono 
my sense of humor is so sophisticated ... ... it's not even funny . 
how do you stop a polish tank ? shoot the guy that's pushing it 
the best part of the grammys was justin bieber not performing 
i quit reddit . 
why was the dolphin depressed ? he felt he had no porpoise in life 
some people have skeletons in their closet . i have a whole graveyard ! 
the older i get , the earlier it gets late . 
air conditioning is pretty cool 
some people's decisions are based in fear , others are based in beer . 
where do frogs leave their hats and coats ? in the croakroom ! 
tape a terrible drawing of a refrigerator onto your child . 
tries to plow the road road : i have a boyfriend . 
why did the ocean take a bath ? it had a sandy bottom . 
where do boxers punch each other the most ? in the ring . 
why was jesus so ripped ? because he did crossfit ... 
who was the most famous ant scientist ? albert antstein ! 
gaining weight from drinking so much water ? drink lighter fluid 
how did the writer pop the question ? he per - prosed 
canceling my subscription ! ! i'm tired of your issues . 
why was jered fogle always late ? he kept getting a little behind . 
circles . i don't see the point in them . 
when you drop the beet ... ... everybody's going to turnip 
what did hitler get for christmas ? an easy - bake oven . 
boxing and fencing two sports that have nothing to do with boxes or fences 
a new book for stoners aspiring to greatness 7 habits of effectively high people 
doctor doctor my husband smells like fish poor sole ! 
noah plot hole : the food chain . 
life is a soup and i'm a fork 
enough with the north korea jokes guys , seriousry they aren't funny ! 
when chuck norris plays monopoly , it affects the actual world economy . 
shout out to octopi . the spiders of the sea since 1981 . 
greek yogurt its just not as rich as it was before 
i bet ... ... you clicked here . 
what happens at night in bangladesh ? it gets dhaka 
how did popeye buy long sleeve shirts ? 
the iphone 5 will be able to print bacon 
congratulations on your accomplishments ! whitney houston , on being year sober ! 
whoever said money doesn't grow on trees obviously never sold marijuana . 
i hope the meteorite crash in russia doesn't affect the price of vodka ! 
candy cigarettes are a gateway drug to rock candy . 
a weeping willow tree is just like a regular willow tree only married 
genderqueers must have a tough time scheduling . . because they don't have agenda 
what did the pope say to the hot atheist girl ? shake that blasphemy 
4 - way car crash reported in mexico city . 86 confirmed dead . 
what's the great thing about 25 year olds ? there's 20 of them . 
why are prosthetic limbs so in fashion ? anyone can pull them off 
it's not a nap if you never got out of bed . 
the word condominium has the word condom in it . hehe 
i dated a woman once . most confusing twenty minutes of my life . 
this subreddit used to be funny until chickens started screwing light bulbs . 
i don't believe in ghosts . they're always lying to me . 
how did roman magistrates keep fit ? pontius pilates . 
what's the worst thing about living with alzheimer's ? i forgot 
what did o say to q ? your boto is showing ! 
bloody foreigner , coming over here , wanting to know what love is . 
nosy peppers nosy peppers are jalapeno business . 
tifu by mocking a reddit mod deleted 
i like to combine danger with awkwardness by falling up stairs . 
who is both a knight and a spy ? sir veillance 
what is donald trump's favorite type of cheese ? white american . 
if you think buying condoms is awkward , try returning them . 
someone's only cute till they leave one of your texts on read . 
what has 2 heads and six legs ? nirvana 
which female comedienne likes terrible punchlines ? badum * * trish * * . 
what is a store for dogs called ? a superbarket 
what kind of dog is the quietest ? a " shhh " nauzer 
what's it called when a vampire kisses you goodnight ? necking . 
what makes a software developer feel rich ? their cache 
throwing acid is wrong ... in some people's eyes 
what did a cyberman say to john smith ? you will be deleted 
what do you call a german think tank ? an answer panzer ! 
why is english such a hard language to learn ? because it's 
what's in hitlers nose ? snotzies 
what's the difference between an orange ? one of them doesn't . 
why do pokemon have eyes ? so they can pikachu 
it was a smart phone until i downloaded twitter 
so lame ! ! ! my significant other is crippled . 
why did the fat girl cross the road ? she wanted some chicken . 
who is an archaeologist ? one whose career is in ruins . 
stupid autocorrect you're always posting some thong you didn't nintendo 
what did luke skywalker get for his 16th birthday ? a toy - yoda 
i like my beer , like i like my violence domestic 
what fetish does winners hate the most ? the feet 
they opened a tempura shelter in my town it's for lightly battered women 
what did the priest get at toys r us ? an erection . 
why do programmers confuse halloween with christmas ? because 31 oct 25 dec . 
how did helen keller discover masturbation ? trying to read her own lips . 
a man enters zoo enclosure to feed the tigers . succeeds 
i found a website with guaranteed real virgins nsfw www . reddit . com 
all i have is blood on my hands now . papercut 
i just bought a book from apple the beginning was iopening 
how long does guacamole last in the fridge ? please say a year . 
today is the last cinco de mayo if trump wins the election 
what do you call 6 . 02x10 23 avocados ? guaca - mole 
what is something we all lost ? the game 
what's india's most popular dating service ? connect the dots . 
what do comedians do when they get tired of doing standup comedy ? sitcoms 
how do you say doormat in spanish ? matador 
what's bloody and painful and happens once a month ? flossing 
why was civil disobedience such a good essay ? thoreau editing . 
two jokes walk into a bar ... where's the punchline ? 
the economy is so bad ... . 
so saudi arabia was elected head of the human rights panel ... 
what do you call a teacher who's always late ? mr bus 
why was the cemetery plot salesman upset ? business was dead . 
if isis is destroyed ... ... will they be known as waswas ? 
how do you make an chocolat omelette ? with easter eggs . 
i tried explaining sarcasm to some kleptomaniacs but they always take things literally . 
what do birds order when they go to starbucks ? flappaccinos . 
abra abracadabra . i wanna reach out and stab ya . 
if love is blind why is lingerie so popular ? 
how do you sink a french battleship ? put it in water . 
my family thinks i don't get jokes but i'm actually great at them ! 
" look slightly worried . " - picture advice from the singer songwriter's handbook 
* interrupts dinner " is that clock really your grandfather ! ? " 
" a cantaloupe is an antelope that doesn't . " 
i can either be on time or wearing pants . pick one . 
what do swedish people put in their coffee ? artifical swedeners 
office business snake : dictating a letter secretary : just hammering the s key 
what do you call the pope after he's resigned ? ex - benedict . 
what's the biggest jobs killer in the united states ? pancreatic cancer . 
what mustache can an alien not pull off ? a human chu 
clinton still leads trump by 2 ! fbi investigations . 
kanye running for president in 2020 
i haven't slept for three days , because that would be too long . 
spilled my bottle of sleeping pills , and now they're wide awake . 
i have a good joke ... my grades . 
i would walk over lego's for you . 
acid ... the taste you can see ! 
some people are about as useful as the " r " in february . 
randomly print things to give your co - workers the impression you're working . 
a friend of mine died late last night i woke up in mourning . 
are news anchors secretly insulting you ? moron this story at 11 . 
what did the redneck get on his sats ? barbecue sauce . 
how often do you use algebra ? equationally . 
if quizzes are quizzical , what are tests ? 
what kind of mint is the hardest to swallow ? abandonment . 
what do you call an italian guy whos afraid of cheese ? alfredo 
if turkey was attacked from the rear would greece help ? 
what's a mathematicians favourite plant ? any that has a square root ! 
legend has it the " m " in mtv once stood for music . 
what's innuendo ? it's italian for " suppository " . 
if adele were a computer , what would she be ? a computer . 
too many freaks , not enough circuses . 
does syria have any walmarts ? no , only targets . 
" will . he . was " - will . i . am's tombstone 
chuck norris is not politically correct . he is just correct . always . 
what would you call a superhero with down's syndrome ? ultra downy 
where do suicide bombers go when they die ? everywhere 
what is an inconvenient truth with music ? algorithm . 
an opinion without 3 . 14 is just an onion ... deep 
my grandma can hold her breath for over fourteen years ! 
how do you buy hair ? you have toupee 
texans can't comprehend vegans . we just think their barbeque grills are broken . 
i redid my fence yesterday . it needed to be reposted . 
why can't jesus eat m amp ms ? because he isn't real . 
a kleptomaniac in a bakery really takes the cake 
who's the healthiest member of the army ? general wellbeing 
don't sleep with politicians . they all have aides . 
so glad i don't subtweet like some people . 
how does the moon cut its hair ? eclipse it . ha . 
according to my mate 3 genders exist . female male and mental illness 
why did the bicycle fall over ? it was too tired ! 
what emits a monochromatic beam of salty snack food ? frito layser . 
did you hear about corduroy pillows ? they are making head lines everywhere 
can you spell eighty in two letters ? a - t . 
how do cows get their gossip ? they herd it through the bovine . 
i like my steak just how i like isis ... dead 
* donates my body to science * science : no thank you 
why are fat people like relationships ? most of them don't work out . 
what's a frenchmen's favorite vacation ? a retreat . 
yo mama is missing a finger and can't count past nine . 
ran a bath , checked twitter , flooded europe . 
why does carlos mencia love r jokes ? reposts are allowed . 
why did courteney cox ? because lisa kudrow . 
what religion do ghosts practice ? boo - ddhism 
catfishing my ex ... so you could say we're back together . 
why is africa hot ? because of dat djibouti . 
these five euphemisms for defecation will shock you ! i can't believe 2 
what are russian clothes always made out of ? lenin . 
who's the best grammar nazi ? adolf hitler's grandmother . 
inspecting mirrors is a job i can see myself doing it . 
your mom is so dumb ... . she tried to climb mountain dew 
want to read a bad joke ? a bad joke . 
if you played pokemon in brazil , you might catch a zikachu 
what kind of currency do astronauts use in space ? starbucks 
he's street smart . sesame street smart . 
there are two types of people on reddit karmanaut and unidan 
is yur name atilla cuz you can be my hun anytime ! 
look a ufo ! quick , grab the worst camera money can buy . 
what's a pirates favorite fast food restaurant ? long john silvers 
mos def most definitely . hi def high . definitely . 
who is bob dylan's favourite soccer player ? harry kane . 
i just wrote down my best joke ever my best joke ever 
why didn't the lifeguard save the hippie ? because he was far out dude 
what is the room temperature on tatooine ? lukewarm 
what do you call a letter from a feminist ? hate male 
final words on germanwings flight recorder : " dave's not here ... " 
garden water features by lily pond 
i used to watch 7th heaven religiously 
why can't cops eat bacon ? because that would be cannibalism 
a man with dredlocks and no religion is . . currently jahb less 
i'm considering becoming a mind reader . what are your thoughts ? 
how did the mathmatician become unconstipated ? he worked it out with a pencil 
my new year's resolution is to lose 10 pounds only 13 more to go 
how did mace windu from star wars die ? through the windu ! 
monday mornings are spent avoiding people who might ask about my weekend . 
* follows dreams * ends up at refrigerator . 
why does mary kay walk funny ? her lipstick 
why does snoop dogg use and umbrella ? for drizzle . . 
what did the messed up psychologist have for dinner ? freud rice . 
is it just me or is solipsism just a load of rubbish ? 
how do you turn a fox into an elephant ? marry her . 
chuck norris was what willis was talking about . 
i added paul walker on xbox he spends all his time on the dashboard 
did you hear the joke 4126 ? 
whats the german version of silent night ? kristall nacht 
what is the only animal in the world that can't get hogh a fish 
there's nothing more annoying than someone trying to live by their values 
your dog has stockholm syndrome . 
what is a jedi's favorite salad dressing ? skywalker ranch . 
there was a social anxiety convention no one showed up . 
why does no one like the number 4 ? it's too square . 
baltimore , eat a snickers . you turn into ferguson when you're hungry . 
nothing feels more deflating than when a dog shows zero interest in you . 
americans should be asking santa for better presidential candidates and nothing else . 
what's a sudanese child's favourite tv channel ? khartoum network . 
i spend so much time alone i may as well just be ugly . 
i want " wake me if anything cool happens " on my tombstone . 
why couldn't luke get any sleep ? because the force awakens 
have you heard about the movie director from space ? woody alien 
why cant women count to 70 because 69 is a mouth full 
my hatred for nicki minaj probably stems from my fear of clowns . 
what did one succulent say to the other ? " aloe there " 
what does a scientist who has an epiphany while peeing say ? urea ! 
anagram it told me to nag a ram . 
i spend 17 of my day wiping the fingerprints off my phone screen . 
why did the melons decide to have a wedding ? because they cantaloupe . 
i've been crying a lot recently it's shocking how many girls carry pepper spray 
i quit drinking and my beer belly is now a pot belly . 
jared bogle always trying to get into smaller pants 
what's the worst way to lose your job ? by firing squad . 
what do you get with breaking news ? news casts 
did you hear about pala deans new restaurant ? they only serve crackers ! 
what helps keep your teeth together ? toothpaste . 
it's actually rude to shoot anyone , messenger or not . 
why doesn't casper have any children ? he has a hollow - weiner . 
i survived sharknado , but my friends didn't ... ... i miss those chums 
why do giraffes have long necks ? because they have smelly feet ! ! 
over 400 billion people a year are victims of exaggerated statistics . 
feminism is a broad issue . 
what's the only thing a feminist is going to change ? the laundry 
paying for things with hugs because it's legal tender . 
remember teens : even jesus once logged off for 3 days 
got this email from a friend : canyoufixthespacebaronmykeyboard ? 
why do ethiopians have fly swatters ? to hunt for their food . 
good cop : step away from the ledge cat cop pushes person off oops 
what's a white supremacist's favorite cereal ? special kkk . 
our carbon monoxide detector keeps beeping and waking me up from my nap . 
my parallel parking skills are unparalleled . 
what did the man say to the giant squid ? what's kraken ? jajajajajjajjaja 
what do you call two guys above a window ? curt n rod 
when i got asked to do the thanksgiving prayer thanks obama ! 
real laziness is being excited when plans get canceled . 
how do you mute an italian ? tie up their hands . 
old fire fighters never quit they just do asbestos they can . 
i need a joke about lightning keep it pg thanks . 
do you know that awesome feeling after understating math ? me neither 
i only studied genetics so i would know who to blame . 
who is the scariest hobbit ? lorena 
the early bird needs to shut the fcuk up . 
why doesn't barbie have any kids ? 
what does an elite hacker get after being arrested ? deleted 
earth ? yeah , i'd hit that - meteor 
keep your friend's clothes in your enemy's toaster . 
i always thought hamlet was the story of a small pig . 
i saw a scary looking middle - eastern man so iran 
i'd like to tell you a joke about paper ... but it's tearable . 
sharks prefer stevie wonder to ray charles in a blind taste test . 
i now have 8 apps to communicate with the same people . 
what has more brains than kurt cobain ? the wall behind him . 
what music do dyslexic programmers listen to ? run cmd 
i like my woman like i like my coffe with no pubic hair . 
where do amish people go to get medicine ? to the farmacy . 
i scream . you scream . the police come . it's awkward . 
i have no business with you , unless behind the bushes . 
what makes a joke about isis funny ? the execution 
facebook has made me hate birthdays more than funerals . 
what is a suicidal person's favorite card game ? bridge . 
i'm writing a book about futurology . it's coming soon . 
greatest photocopy machine 9gag 
why do catholics drink ? ... because they're filled with the holy spirit 
what's the difference between an oral and rectal thermometer the taste 
i'm hungry for pancakes and vague racism . aunt jemima , it is ! 
how do you remember your wife's birthday ? forget it once . 
maybe adele is singing about her cats . you don't know . 
knock knock the game 
how do they prevent crime in hamburger country ? with burger alarms ! 
my position on marijuana is slumped in a beanbag chair . 
well , here i am ! what are your other two wishes ? 
i don't pay my taxes ... because i'm smart . 
how can you tell when dracula is sick ? by his coughin 
what should a rabbit use to keep his fur neat ? a harebrush . 
i intend to live forever ... or die trying . 
keep reaching for the stars but get a better deodorant . 
this vodka tastes strange , kinda like i'm not going to work tomorrow . 
my parrot got himself a new suit . it's polly ester . 
where do they send female terrorists ? guantanamo bae . 
so , tim cook came out of the cloud ? 
why can't elephants go skinny dipping ? they can't get their trunks off ... 
what does a man with one leg wear to the beach ? flop . 
cancer cures smoking . 
what's an old woman taste like ? depends ... 
what type of bagel can fly ? a plain plane bagel ! 
bartender : what can i get you ? me : drunk 
which eggs are the best for easter ? empty ones 
two women are at a cafe , sitting quietly 
men are like computers . hard to figure out and never enough memory . 
why did the computer freeze ? it got frostbyte . 
you can tune a guitar ... but you can't tuna fish ! 
a blind man walked into a bar ... and a table . 
what is flat , at the center of the universe , and warming ? 
my bike is getting old . i had to retire it . 
to smell good while aboard the iss , astronauts wear ... old space . 
the invention of the shovel was a groundbreaking discovery 
what dance do hippies hate ? a square dance . 
why was the rastafarian poor ? because he was jah bless 
how does the pope pay for things online ? papal 
" god's last name is not dammit . " unknown 
what do you give to an elephant who suffering from diarrhea ? space . 
what do you call the national conference for bridgebuilders ? rubicon . 
what's alderaan's main export ? dead bodies . 
looks like it's time to start pretending andy murray isn't scottish again ... 
me : i love you wife : i will testify against you if required 
once you stop doing functional programming ... you never return 
what shoes do ninjas wear ? sneakers ! 
apparently there's enough room in my mouth to put more than one foot . 
my phone died ... there won't be any service . 
my computer isn't that nervous . it's just a bit ansi . 
took me forever to find this chronology book . it's about time . 
a parakeet that won't shut up equals dinner for fluffy tonight . 
" i like your pushy . " sean connery talking dirty to his woman 
john supper in spanish is juan cena edit : apparently its juan cena 
why do people choose to become bakers ? because they knead the dough . 
why was the snowman's dog called frost ? because frost bites . 
shamrocks are the most dishonest of all the rocks . 
roofing ... that's a bit over the top isn't it ? 
what do greek soccer players wear ? soccer tee's 
i threw a boomerang a few years ago i now live in constant fear 
i'm one step away from being rich all i need now is money 
what's blue and gold and comes in brownies ? cub scouts . 
all this darkness is making me feel like hellen keller . 
racecar spelt backwards is racecar but racecar sideways is how paul walker died 
wanna get together and test the spring potential of my mattress ? 
i make the transformers sound when i change into sweatpants . 
what is mary short for ? she has no legs 
what do you do when your lawnmower stops working ? deport him 
when jesus makes tea ... hebrews 
what did jesus do to lose weight ? crossfit 
don't be a doormat , be an electric fence . 
practice safe lunch always use a condiment 
capitalism is horrible buy my book to find out why ! 
why was the little mountain dying ? because he was terminally hill . 
please stop throwing my only possession . dogs everywhere 
santa is nearby ... i can sense his presents 
my grandparents were vaporised in a freak accident they will be mist ... : 
what do you call a nerd after highschool ? boss 
my dog can eat more condoms than your honor student . 
stop poking me on facebook uncle brian it's not cute anymore 
wet t - shirt contestant asks former contest winner : any pointers ? 
my kitchen timer broke . . good thing i wasn't counting on it . 
why is edward still in russia ? he's snowden . 
* robs craft store with hot glue gun * 
socialism jokes are only funny ... ... if everybody gets them . 
complaints via email or texts should be called " read whine " 
what kind of cars do shellfish drive ? mussel cars . 
when a necrophiliac goes to a funeral ... he gets mourning wood . 
when did 888 equal zero ? ? ? ? when eight ate eight 
what do you call the people who were protecting a van ? the vanguard 
can fish get high on seaweed ? 
jazz is in my blood you could say i've got deep vein trombonses . 
true self control is waiting until the movie starts to eat your popcorn . 
i'm an expert at killing flies i'm a member of the swat team 
some people should put professional victim on their resume 
how do you reload a cardboard gun ? with paper clips . 
why did the plant cross the road ? cus it was being stalked ! 
election there was an election in new york . 
what does pluto have up on palestine ? at least pluto exists 
i'm pretty gullible or at least what they tell me 
who is the richest painter ? manet . 
have you heard about the shampoo crisis in jamaica ? it's dreadful 
irreplaceable - beyonce . i can have another you by tomorrow . 
why is oedipus against profanity ? he kisses his mother with that mouth 
what kind of bear dissolves in water ? a polar bear . 
what's the most beautiful thing in mathematics ? a cute angle 
how does jk rowling text her friends that she's just kidding : 
morning wood starts the best fire . 
my wife gives me sound advice . 99 sound , 1 advice . 
" said no one ever . " - said everyone on twitter . 
chuck norris's tears cure cancer ... too bad he has never cried . 
never give yourself a haircut after three margaritas . 
mirror inspector now that's a job i could really see myself doing 
this joke is missing a climax just like your girlfriend . 
i quit the mafia to become a housekeeper now i'm a maid man . 
ted cruz takes his religious values very seriously he always pulls out before finishing 
a native american just published a novel critics consider it a seminole work . 
i need your best nsfw joke , before our coffee break ! 
i spent all day replacing the muffler on my car it was exhausting 
what do you call the first irish woman ever created ? a mcrib 
2012 finally we know ... 
why is 77 better then 69 ? because you get eight more ! 
if any pandas are reading this : neat ! 
uppercuts a horse . creates the first girrafe . 
when is a car not a car ? when it turns into a driveway 
life is basically just a constant effort to not be disgusting . 
just shook a piece of cellophane off my finger and now i'm exhausted . 
yo momma so ugly . . she look like darth vader naked . 
what does arizona name colorado ? border collie 
a mosquito landed on my wife's face ... easiest decision of my life . 
a blonde joke ... donald trump . 
i don't get laid on saturdays . the last two words were unnecessary . 
what type of pants do you need to start a car ? cargo pants 
centipede : * trips * * but for like , an hour * 
why did the tin man go to hell ? because he's a sinner . 
drunk girls click " reply all " when they talk . 
i'm in a band called " transportation " . we're going places . 
i was addicted to hokey pokey but then i turned myself around 
why couldn't the feminist change the light bulb ? feminists can't change anything . 
my new thesaurus is terrible . not only that , it's terrible . 
just checked my voicemail . i forgot to buy milk 3 years ago . 
i've always wondered what periods were like ... could someone give me a demenstruation 
when i die i'd like to be cremated i think i've urned it . 
what do you call the german word for vaseline ? derweinerslider 
what do you call a pop star that marries rowan atkinson ? avril labean 
why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs ? so nobody confuses them with feminists 
what does a squid sheriff form ? an octoposse ! 
what would a scandal involving microsoft be called ? gatesgate . 
how do most bakers get their start in the industry ? they knead dough 
in germany , we know of a joke the french military . 
my most redeeming quality is the fact that i return bottles for cash . 
shout out to the guy behind me flashing red blue lights . 
what did australian jesus say after the last supper ? check , mate . 
the moderators of this sub 
why did scottish baby sneeze ? it got week old . 
what did the bicycle call its dad ? pop - cycle 
why girls have zip in their pents ? 
why can't donald trump be a lannister ? because he never pays his debts 
every taylor swift song sounds like it was written in gel pen . 
i found jesus last week ... my garden has never looked nicer . 
girl , you're just like hell ... because i'd kill to enter you . 
do you know what really bugs me ? discreetly placed microphones . 
someone stole the coffin at my grandfather's funeral . i couldn't bereave it ! 
how often do i tell jokes about the elements ... periodically 
what started feminism ? an unlocked kitchen door 
what's reddit without the r amp d ? edit : 
never argue with someone who knows fancier words than you . like responsibility 
a pillow warmer is a stupid idea ... use your head ! 
how to trigger a liberal ... mention " indians " around thanksgiving time . 
i save so much money by not having any money . 
when adding number in your head ... it's really the thought that counts . 
why is the canadian school system broken because they only give out ehs 
our parenting style can best be described as : bad cop , bozo cop 
i love campfire smoke so much ... it brings tears to my eyes . 
i know karate and tons of other words . 
what do you call an isis execution recorder a daesh cam 
failed my wasp collection exam . got a bee . 
what month was king kong born in ? ape - ril 
i can't stand sitting down 
why can't pirates learn the alphabet ? because somalia doesn't have an education system 
i speak both universal languages : 1 . english 2 . louder slower english 
i'm so bad at philosophy ... . ... . . i kant even 
if your coffee tastes like mud ... it's probably fresh ground ... 
why did the mother feed her newborn lamb ? because it's baby food . 
makeup tip : you're not in the circus . 
what kind of boats do smart people ride on ? scholar ships ! 
what bathroom does roy g . biv use ? the colored one . 
be strong , i whispered to my wifi signal . 
my relationship is like monopoly . she gives me too many chances . 
who doesn't like lincoln logs john wilkes blocks 
why did the boy not do his homework ? he was ceebs 
what do cows do for entertainment ? they go to the mooooovies . 
tifu by posting in the wrong subreddit 
for as long as i remember i've always had amnesia . 
i really hate pretzels some would even say i'm anti - anne's 
if michael moore was a conservative ... ... he'd be donald trump . 
i'm giving up my new year's resolution for lent 
most action figures are surprisingly inactive . 
people with a good sense of humor have a better sense of life . 
just threw out my one night stand . there were termites . 
7 out of 3 people are bad at fractions . 
my grandmother's stories always include the race of everyone involved 
chris christie's favorite new dessert ? ? ? impeach cobbler 
what kind of bird opens doors ? a kiwi ! 
if it weren't for physics and law enforcement , i'd be unstoppable . 
why did berlusconi go to the costa concordia ? to see the gash 
did you hear about the circus fire ? it was in tents ! 
can you spell jealousy with two letters ? nv envy . 
i'm in a very serious relationship with batman . my beloved baeman . 
omg a turtle is coming to kill you , walk for your life . 
what is the best name for an acrobat ? phillip 
north korea shows that you don't need religion to be crazy . 
why didn't thor like the party ? it was too loki . 
why can't accountants get library cards ? they're book - keepers . 
empowered women 
i used to hate facial hair but then it grew on me 
for a tennis player , what is the perfect crime ? racketeering 
great minds think alike but dirty minds work together 
what is link's favorite final fantasy character ? zell , duh ! 
what does rock music and my grandpa have in common ? the strokes 
where does jane fonda buy her groceries ? traitor joe's . 
amusing roller skating falls collection . that's very interesting and amusing video 
apparently fat people in scooters despise being called a cripple - potamous 
tifu by burning my post oops retoast 
why do cows have hooves ? because they lac tose 
when does john cena get scared ? when john cena ghost ! 
i'm like an onion when i cut myself i cry 
this is just a temporary status ... until i think of something better 
what's harder the softer it gets ? typing withw my peniuasd 9damnit ! 
my korean friend died yesterday so yung ... 
trump after obama is like umbridge after dumbledore . r . i . p 
tron's full name was tronald 
you know what is blown out of proportions ? overweight suicide bombers . 
why doesn't the sun pack it's bags ? because it's traveling light ! 
it is okay to make jokes about donald trump , for now ... 
what is your name ? hugh mungus 
i call my car the forest whitaker because the left light barely works . 
what do scientists use to measure a chicken's gestation period ? an egg timer 
how did " el chapo " escape prison ? joaquin . 
you want to know who never gets checked for their id ? humidity . 
most people have x's . i have a bunch of y's and wtf's 
what does " maginot " mean ? welcome 
here's a knock knock joke about the guy with no arms 
oscar if you're leonardo , you must have got it by now . 
* finally detangles ear buds * plane lands 
the cutest thing my so does ... her handwriting looks like she has parkinson's 
i eat my pop tarts frozen like the vikings used to have them . 
hot singles in your area are raising a cat army . 
care less and you'll stress less . 
my autobiography will be a single piece of paper that says ugh 
how do you know your house had chicken pox ? it has shingles . 
i love the queen in chess ... i always mate with her . 
what do you mean mom , how could my birth certificate be expired ? 
in hell the mariachi band never leaves your table . 
why did the zombie baseball pitcher retire ? he threw his arm out . 
i hope my car appreciates the wincing when i hit a large pothole . 
what were acdc called when they were kids ? abcd 
brace yourselves , the orthodontist just died 
you wanna know how i hold my liquor ? by the ears : p 
" i'm not good at goodbyes . " i am . see ya . 
how was copper wire invented ? two armenians were fighting over a penny . 
i broke my arm playing golf today ... 
how do you turn german beer into american beer ? drink it 
what's brown and sticky ? my poop . 
i don't think people should throw stones in regular houses either . 
i used volumizing shampoo today and now i can't stop shouting ! 
why do melons always have well planned weddings ? they can'te lope ! 
unlike eric garner ... i live for out of state cigarettes . 
common sense : walk away . me : no . 
why should you torrent only from french sites ? because it'll run faster . 
tried turkish food today ... it was revolting 
i could be wearing a onesie right now , you don't know . 
why did ellen pao cross the road ? deleted 
the flash jacks off welp , guess i jacked this one off too ! 
according to webmc , i be illin . 
whats a printer's favorite sandwich ? a paper jam sandwhich 
" fig newtons : they're like a funeral in your mouth ! " 
i was going to be a banker ... but i lost interest 
how was rome split in half ? with a pair of caesars ... 
twitter - we built this city on block and troll ... ... 
1 in 2 in 3 in 4 in 5 doctors are babushka dolls . 
back off , doc . i'll close this wound . suture self . 
just watched the uncut version of scarface . face 
why was putin late for dinner with obama ? because he got snowden . 
what is a vampire's favourite soup ? scream of mushroom ! 
i have a great joke newcastle united 
why can't chihuahuas run marathons ? they're short of breath ! 
what is bruce lee's favourite drink ? wotahhhhhh 
there's no easy way to steal a watermelon . 
you can eat a clock but it is very time consuming 
food is like dark humor not everyone gets it ! 
have you seen the inside of stevie wonder's house ? neither has he . 
what does the chicken do to get through college ? she strips . 
what key do you need to open a banana ? a monkey 
i'm not fat . my stomach is 3d 
wife renewed me for another season . 
i took a selfie after my kidney removal surgery hashtag nofilter 
my ex ? yea i'd still hit that ... ... ... with a car 
it wasn't raining during trump's inauguration it was just alternative sunshine 
i'd make a political joke but it would just end up being elected . 
verbs without them we wouldn't get a lot done . 
i heard this knock knock joke from a mime last week 
i'm in favor of spanking children . their parents are not . 
it's been so long , i think my virginity is growing back . 
my best friend ran away with my wife ... . i miss him . 
where do the greek x - men sleep when camping ? mu - tents 
you are one well - defined function ! 
i like my beers like i like my lumber 2 by 4 : 00 
i watched americas got talent for 15 minutes and i beg to differ . 
a paleontologist who studies failed ancestral lines ... a faileontologist 
archaeologists are the ultimate hipsters they love all that underground stuff . 
america is converting to metric units ... inch by inch . 
my daughter just asked me about upbro ! lol can you believe it ? 
teenagers are so cute when they think you won't hit them 
hey , wanna hear a hillary clinton joke ? deleted 
don't sweat the petty stuff always take time to pet the sweaty stuff 
i'm never marrying anyone else that i find on craigslist . 
what i've said most in 2016 table for 1 please 
how do you fix a broken gorilla ? with a monkey wrench . 
i love babies ... ... but i can't finish a whole one . 
people with speech impediments are just misunderstood . 
what do neo - nazis do on hitler's birthday ? heil if i know 
what do you call jokes on reddit ? sit - down comedy 
the non - spanish version of ambien is called amgood . 
please put your drama in a joke format so i can understand it . 
how can you help a starving cannibal ? give them a hand ! 
how do you comfort a grammar fanatic ? their , they're , there 
the galaxy is the greatest rapper alive . it rhymes in universes . : 
why did 11 eat 12 ? cuz 12 , 13 , 14 
where does putin negotiate ? the crimea river 
i'm good friends with 25 letters of the alphabet i don't know why 
shake what your momma gave you . * shakes unemployed brother * 
what does a turkey eat when it's hungry ? an armenian ! 
never do anything you wouldn't want to explain to the paramedics . 
has anyone else's world ended yet ? mayan hasn't . 
give me ambiguity or give me something else . 
why did the man take a shower ? he was a thief 
all my sisters ex fiance smoke pot ... she just couldn't marijuana them . 
owls are just nocturnal pug birds 
oh no , a subtweet . you got me . 
a plant goes to a university . it is a stem major . 
why didn't the guy with adhd take his medicine ? he forgot . 
why was the circuit arrested ? because it was charged with battery ! 
why did the dalai lama go to las vegas ? tibet 
if cats could text you back , they wouldn't . 
what do you call it if a white person robs you ? capitalism 
beer : it's not just for breakfast anymore . 
if you can't beat them what's the point of having children ? 
what did the little ghost eat for lunch ? a booloney sandwich ! 
why did the chicken run out of the brothel ? whore moans . 
i'll stop gnawing the ends off violins when they stop looking like cinnabons . 
96 is the number of rejection . 
what animal always goes to bed with its shoes on ? a horse ! 
what's the best way to search a linen store ? undercover . 
women don't consider it chivalrous when you open bathroom stall doors for them . 
swallow ... 
i learned i before e except after c but some words are weird . 
what's imperial britain's favorite game ? clash of clans 
weighing elephants is . . a large scale problem . 
i'd like to thank not only my mom and dad ... but my parents 
the hottest chick rang me up at the self checkout today ! 
679 fetty wap . 17 38 because that's his vision . 
what's a junkie's favorite videogame ? need for speed . 
it would be really convenient if christmas decorations grew on trees . 
a pedigree bulldog missing . founders rest in peace . 
i can't watch the super bowl this year . it's all a li 
when i grow up i wanna be a fire truck 
how do you call musicians who produce hit after hit ? hitlers 
i once met a dyslexic atheist ... ... he didn't believe in dog . 
did delilah ever tell that guy what new york city is like 
* puts words between two asterisks * 
what are you listening to right know ? candy shop . 
if i was super religious , i'd celebrate easter by getting nailed . 
" date night ! " " our relationship died a year ago ! " 
zebra joke ! i heard that zebras are neutral about racism . 
what do you call and indian funeral ? a pool party 
orioles buck showalter 
the naughty schoolboy by enid spanking 
i'm thankful for the buffalo soldiers who fought tirelessly for our chicken wings . 
what part of your hand is the most salty ? the nacls 
where do epileptics love to eat ? little seizures 
i rustle jimmies look at my name lol 
i'm on the fermented barley diet ... and i've never felt better . 
what's the same as an ocean rabbit ? a c - hair ! 
what's a balloon's least favorite music ? pop . 
greek mythology in 3 words zeus got horny 
incompetence knows no barriers of time or place . 
how do you outsmart a chicken ? by thinking outside the bawks . 
i'm developing a fear of german sausages ... i fear the wurst ! 
til that 3 . 14 of sailors are pi - rates . 
what noise does a witch make when she's flyin around ? broom broom brooooooom 
if a girl says vulgarities is she called vulgirl ? 
do you know how i got out of persia ? iran . 
please comment apparently that's how the real jokes are made . 
who decided smiling would be the default expression for pictures ? 
what's the witches favourite pop group ? broomski beat ! 
" my name will live forever ! " - anonymous . 
why shouldn't you get asylum in russia ? cuz you'd be snowed - in 
why aren't phds real doctors ? because real doctors have cures . 
shhh don't talk , i'm imagining you smart . 
friends are like balloons ... if you stab them , they die 
" i'd hit that ! " - - me gazing at rock bottom 
why are horses never overweight ? they're on a stable diet . 
relationship status : very relieved towels can't get pregnant . 
stevie wonder has seven kids but i heard he never sees them . 
when people don't make sense , listen to music . it always does . 
don't ever believe anything an atom says . they make up everything . 
i can't wait to try alton towers newest ride the air ambulance . 
poker ? i barely know her ! 
let's settle this like men ... men with bad judgment unlimited water balloons 
this is ironic apparently joan of arc loved a good barbecue . 
heard someone died from eating a meal that wasn't instagrammed . 
the sun is a star . so technically it's night all the time . 
knock knock your turn 
why can't michael jackson drive backwards in a car ? cause he's dead . 
this post will give you wings ... because you just read bull . 
how can a vegetarian satisfy himself in a non vegetarian indian restaurant ? naan 
why can't orphans play baseball ? because they can't find home 
a broom only likes one brand of comedy . dustpan . 
2 introverts walk into a bar , one says to the other ... 
* reads own tweet * haha , so relatable 
what's got two legs and bleeds ? half a dog 
damn girl , are you a hoover ? cuz dam 
what is an octopus ? an eight - sided cat . 
did noah include termites on the ark ? 
why are trigonometric functions always women ? because they have periods ! 
what type of store doesn't move ? a stationary store . 
so i heard rolf harris got 5 years , 9 months ... his favourite 
penguins are scientist by nature ... they always have to improve their slides ! 
my teacher accused me of plagiarism . his words , not mine . 
half of my life has been spent hoping people don't see me . 
why do fat chicks give good head ? because they have to 
a jamaican went to the barber . it was a dreadful experience . 
apparently when you donate blood , it has to be your blood . 
i have two kids , five and seven silly names i know . 
it's a fact , taller people sleep longer in bed . 
what does a fat girl desire but already have ? a ten chin 
what is the worlds friendliest aircraft ? a hellocopter ! 
what happened when the shoe factory burned down ? 500 soles were lost . 
i don't understand bow ties . what , is your neck a gift ? 
i'd pay someone to push me out of pictures when i'm drunk . 
this girl is wearing pink camouflage where are there pink forests 
my mom would probably complain in my funeral about how somebody's son died better 
a giant lizard rebuilds japan and the moonwalks into the sea . reverseafilmplot 
where do country music artists become country music greats ? the obituaries 
who should of gotten asphalt ? cleopatra . 
what does dracula say to his victims ? it's been nice gnawing you . 
i am so poor i can't even pay attention . 
why did the indian not show up for work ? he was sikh . 
irs : we've got what it takes to take what you've got . 
i need more than 140 characters to tell you how beautiful you are . 
are you a whore ? because you are priceless to me . 
what's a french person's favorite video game system ? the wii ! oui 
who was bin laden's favorite rapper ? twooo planes ! ! 
coffee , chocolate , men . some things are just better rich . 
how does a whore relieve herself ? she prosti - toots ! 
girls adore it when you guess their weight as they walk by . 
blind jokes ? didn't see that coming . . 
windows 10 because seven eight nine ! that's all . 
* squats down to look for food in the refrigerator * fitness . 
any joke can be a one liner if you write small enough . 
what was the console gamer's new years resolution ? 1280x720 
you know what else is crazy ? * googles synonyms for crazy * 
* jerks off to a picture of a good personality * 
which composer do lumberjacks prefer to listen to ? chopin 
* feeds you cheetos while running my fingers through your hair * 
why did the portuguese guy take xanax ? hispanic attacks . 
picture us , making love . wrong . more cheese . 
why was tigger's head in the toilet ? he was looking for pooh . 
why can't girls count to 70 ? cause 69's a mouthful ! 
what do you call a woman who rents out hot dogs ? lisa frank 
tickets for the wheelchair races are selling out ... seats are going fast ! 
your check a hole light is on . 
confucius say ... man who jump off cliff , jump to conclusion . 
two heads aren't better than one if you're both stupid . 
how do you know a wood pieces history ? you check its logbook 
i think taylor swift might actually just be an instagram filter 
what do you call a french man wearing sandals ? fillipe f'lo p 
why is leather armor best for sneaking ? it's literally made of hide . 
my girlfriend is like my will to live nonexistent . 
being an adult is mainly drinking coffee and pretending to be productive . 
what does the base - jumping gardener say ? geranium ! 
i was diagnosed with adhd last week . but my doctor sa 
what is it like to eat out an old grandma ? depends . 
did you hear about the woman who hotboxed her burqa ? she got stoned 
two things i hate : this joke , and things that are meta . 
with inflation , it would be mambo no . 6 . 59 in 2013 
why did the uk's bbfc ban facesitting ? they're big fans of teabagging . 
what do cows wear when they're vacationing in hawaii ? moo moos 
what has four wheels and flies ? my dead grandmother . 
those who believe in telekinesis , raise my hand . 
how to annoy a redditor ? deleted 
dyslexics are teople poo ! 
you're exceeding the limits of my medication . please go away . 
i don't think so , people who are thinking so . 
why are people afraid to play poker in africa ? too many cheetahs . 
i've got my doctorate in palindromes . i'm now addressed as dr . awkward 
what's a gothic persons blood made of ? emoglobin 
what's iraq's favourite sitcom ? men behaving baghdadly . 
new research suggests that humans are double - minded ... no they're not ! 
what do conspiracy nuts do to fall asleep ? they count sheeple . 
why would somebody punch a sheep ? ewe wouldn't understand . 
have you seen my digital boat ? oh wait , its syncing . 
there's no " i " in " denial " . 
what did the amazed kazakhstani say ? that's astana - shing 
what did palpatine order in the drive thru ? friiiiiiies 
don't die a virgin because there are terrorists waiting for you . 
why'd the chicken cross the road . ? reasons unknown 
where do pirates from kansas go ? ar - kansas 
facebook is down where are we gonna keep all of our faces 
the harambe memes need to stop it's very de - meme - ing . 
what is funny and starts with a j a joke 
who is the most musical canadian heroine ? laura c - chord . 
what's the difference between boogers and broccoli ? kids don't eat broccoli . 
pizza is an emotion right ? 
i'm no photographer , but i can picture us together . 
gta : online servers 
why did the bus stop ? because it saw the zebra crossing . 
eat becomes fat if you don't draw the line . 
not all policemen are strippers . 
did you ever ask your parents what went wrong , people named lasagna ? 
what was adam's nickname for eve ? prime rib 
what's the easiest way to get a little head ? the zika virus . 
comedy is tragedy plus time . 
what's the difference between menstrual blood and sand ? you can't gargle sand . 
" look at me don't look at me " - cleavage 
why couldn't anyone understand the mute mathematician's ? they didn't speak sine language . 
how many apples a day does it take to keep everybody else away 
why didn't maria go to prom ? she had no juan to go with 
what gets easier to pick up the more it weighs ? women . 
what kind of drink does a ghetto drinks ? a ghettorade 
heard a good joke about hillary clinton's email scandal top secret 
what does an academic call masturbation ? his seminal work . 
state trash talk thread insult your fellow state 
why does night fall but never break and day break but never fall ? 
what bird has wings but cannot fly ? roast turkey ! 
how do you sink a swedish submarine ? knock on the hatch . 
which french novelist looked like a scrotum ? balzac 
how do birds record their songs ? on duck tape ! 
so a man wins an argument with his wife ... 
your french fries are just my french fries on the wrong plate . 
an open letter to coffee thanks . 
what's brown and sits on a piano bench ? beethoven's last movement . 
potatoes are high in carbs . baked potatoes are just high . 
did you hear about the girl that backed into an airplane propeller ? disaster 
nice eyebrows girlfriend . i didn't know they made sharpies in that color . 
farming isn't for everyone . . but hay , it's in my jeans . 
you shouldn't worry about headaches i mean , it's all in your head . 
donald trump , this is . . optional 
what does a sock taste like ? defeat 
changed grandma's email signature to " merry christmas , ya filthy animal ! " 
there was once a cat on mars but curiosity killed the cat 
christmas song for people with synesthesia : do you see what i heeeaarrr 
i'm planning on being more spontaneous in the future 
tifu by eating my coworkers sandwich instead of mine . oops wrong sub . 
tnt was originally developed by chuck norris to cure indigestion . 
why does a blonde wear green lipstick ? because red means stop . 
what cheese can never be yours ? nacho cheese . 
i don't call it lying down , i call it landscape mode . 
john cena would be a great voice actor because we can't see him 
my dating life . 
what kind of flooring does jesus have in his kitchen gentiles 
i always sleep with a bed under my pillow , just in case 
how did the butcher cure cancer ? with salt . 
what do you say if you meet a toad ? wart's new ? 
why did the young boat dock before it was ready ? pier pressure 
life is like choclate bitter if you're dark 
money's short 
how did dairy queen wind up pregnant ? burger king didn't wrap his whopper 
i'm reading a book about zero gravity i cant put it down 
if you're bored , wear a cape . then you can be super bored 
what drink did the vampire order at the bar ? a blood - light 
* mops up wine with cat * 
it's hard having a cheesy personality ... i get provolonely . 
i live in a country where everything goes well together a combo - nation 
did you hear about dracula's christmas party ? it was a scream ! 
on what day of every week do soft drinks sell the most ? thursday 
what was the deaf mans favorite song ? the sound of silence . 
you shouldn't trust dermatologists . they make a lot of rash decisions . 
why do the dutch enjoy belgian jokes so much ? they're cheap . 
why don't witches like the keg ? because it's always burned at the stake 
what's the plural of ebola west africa credit goes to u malfunkdung 
how do you make anti - freeze ? take away her blanket . 
" work fascinates me i can look at it for hours ! " 
offensive what's pink and covered in cobwebs madeline mccanns bike 
what do you call a british circle jerk ? a union jack . 
what do you call isis after it has been completely destroyed ? waswas ! 
you may be able to drive but do you avocado 
did you know han solo had an employment agency ? han jobs 
it turns out the iphone 7 is illegal . it got de - ported 
better to be slapped with the truth than kissed with a lie 
according to this bmi chart i am too short . 
i wonder how many illegitimate socks are out there because of me ? 
what does a girl who loves giving head eat for breakfast ? scrotemeal 
i wonder if martha washington ever got splinters from george's teeth . 
have you seen the dark knight rises yet ? i hear it's killer . 
i'm thinking about becoming a devil worshipper just for the hell of it 
you're a 10 ... on the ph scale cause you're basic . 
i know 5 people who are clinically insane i'm two of them ... 
what's the worst part about swim - up bars ? the watery stools 
hey there . . hi . . 
what does the pope dip his chips in ? holy guacamole 
confucius say to quiet the herd one must shut the flock up 
why would someone name a dog " pistachio " ? because they're nuts 
roses are red violets are blue vodka cost less than dinner for 2 ! 
why is north america so salty ? because its na . 
i saw three sapiens washing each the other day no homo 
hitler was the worst track runner he couldn't even finish one race 
knock knock who's there ? doctor doctor who ? yes 
how long does 8 sleep for ? forever . 
man's appearance is not the most important thing . there are worse flows . 
what does tim cook have for breakfast in the morning ? not apple jacks 
what do you call it when a blonde dyes their hair brown artificial intelligence 
getting real tired of hearing opinions on murder from people outside the murderer community 
which type of juice has the most mood swings ? caprice sun . oc 
i don't drink anymore . cocaine is a hell of a drug ! 
research shows that the number one cause of divorce in america is marriage 
bet i can make you wipe your screen 
how do street urchins communicate with each other ? gutterskype . 
best nicknames : 1 nick 2 3 
hitler was the worst camp counselor ever . 
surprise your buddy by putting on clown makeup and dying in his attic . 
what animal is best at hitting a baseball ? a bat ! 
ronaldo shot so powerful it created a hurricane 
she's so ugly that when a wasp stings her it shuts its eyes . 
what does the average alabama football player get on his sats ? drool 
if we're all god's children ... what's so special about jesus ? 
what did the baker name her dog ? pido . 
legally , you don't actually have to ever stop screaming . 
what do you call an abortion at hogwarts ? * avada kedavra ! * 
you can run but my rifle's got a scope . 
* washes your smart car with a moist towelette * 
the perfect kiss and the perfect high five are indistinguishable emotionally . 
new zealand cricket 
what do the british say when they're flirting ? u wan'a m8 ? 
what do cows that are stoners say ? 420 graze it 
so one man walks into a bar and the other one ducks . 
what are two letters a brit can't live without ? t and qs . 
thinking about getting a liver piercing . gotta stay extreme . 
did you hear about the corduroy pillow ? apparently , it's making headlines . 
what's the difference between a boomerang and my father ? the boomerang came back 
what do you call the death of the trilobites ? an epoch fail ! 
what country has many sugar ? sweetzerland 
abc signs all 33 chilean miners to next season's dancing with the stars 
why do wrestlers love video games ? because of the lutte 
43 hacks that will help you cut down a christmas tree 
what is it about suicide bomber and sperm they both come out bursting 
what do you call the parents of a cat ? his purr - ents 
just watching that movie where julia roberts has a lot of teeth . 
how do you make a cat go woof ? paraffin and matches . 
what was abraham lincoln's seating preference ? not john wilkes booth ! 
it's all fun and games until someone cuts their eye then it's humourous 
why did taco bell hire eminem ? because he's a wrap god 
what does snowman have and snow women doesn't , snowballs . 
in my bed , it's perpetual motion all night long , baby . 
why are all castles disabled ? they all have tur - rets 
marriage means commitment . so does insanity . coincidence ? 
some people have 32 teeth , some have 10 . it's simple meth . 
9 11 jokes aren't funny ... they are just plane wrong . 
i can't wait to die . . and see what religion was correct 
what do you call a game of tennis in china ping pong 
im on a first name basis with madonna , and cher 
what do you call an inexperienced egyptian god ? anoobis 
how to understand girls ... . loading ... 
what makes a salami excited ? when the ham is cured ! 
what is the mountain's favorite tri - cep workout ? spoilers skull crushers 
what is bruce wayne's favorite religious health food ? christian kale 
what operating system does a redditor use ? fedora linux ! 
now playing : with myself . 
last night , i forgot about the sun then it dawned on me ... 
what's a pervert's favorite train stop ? molestation 
how do hurricanes see ? - with one eye 
it's like batman didn't even care about crime in the cities surrounding gotham . 
what do you feed a fat vampire ? one stake should be enough 
how do murderers turn off the lights ? killowatt 
why do people love working at yogurt factories ? because of the culture ! 
which christian denomination knows the most about dinosaurs ? episcopaleontologists 
why do all zombies have sprained ankles ? 
yo mamma so bald ... you can see what is on her mind . 
hot topic was having a huge sale everyone panicked at the discount . 
what's a priests least favorite thing about new years ? the balls drop . 
i'm obsessed with the earth it's like my whole world . 
siss - boom - baa the sound of a sheep exploding 
it's too bad your funny status was ruined by your inability to spell . 
. espn ugh all u ever tweet about is sports 
i got hit by a rental car today . it hertz . 
you wouldn't believe how many laws i'm obeying right now 
carmen sandiego is probably in san diego 
how to fleas travel ? itch hiking ! 
what did the necrophiliac get after his wife died ? mourning wood . 
jesus saves ! because he shops at walmart 
nutella : a reason to buy bread . 
what do you call a group of cows smoking marijuana . high steaks 
greece is a good example of capital punishment . 
what do you call an arab oil baron with parkinson's ? sheik shake 
fun fact : it is annoying that some people think facts are fun . 
" here , drink this . " - me speed dating . 
what kind of condoms do frogs wear ? rib - bed 
it should cost 87 to leave someone a voicemail . 
what small plant is used in war ? the millitree . 
what do you call a lazy immigrant ? a united states citizen 
testing u trollabot no comments 
why do elephants hate flying ? the seats are too small . 
chuck norris house has no doors , only walls that he walks through . 
what are tony montana's favourite trousers ? alpine chinos 
how do jedi close programs force quit 
i decided to write a joke about procrastination 
how deep is a swimming pool ? it deep - ends . 
what's the capital of greece ? the g 
father's day tip : your dad is busy this weekend . 
what's it called when a blonde dyes her hair brunette ? artificial intelligence . 
the only knowledge that can hurt you is the knowledge you don't have . 
" i don't belong here " - dreadlock on a white guy 
why wasn't the astronaut paying attention ? because he was spaced out . 
a man is almost hit by a car . chrysler averted . 
what is the speed of darkness ? ... ... batman ! 
where did the father of the paper sack live ? baghdad ! 
why do differentiating mathematicians prefer manhattans to mojitos ? ryes over rum . 
what does a knight do at night ? nighty night 
why does ganondorf hate the internet ? there are too many links . 
i hope rapidly clicking this arrow on google street view counts as jogging . 
hit on the head by i . c . stars 
stds are like pokemon . gotta catch'm all ! 
you rock ... me paper , i win ! 
why did the vampire miss work ? he was having a coffin fit ! 
doctor doctor my sister here keeps thinking she's invisible ! what sister ? 
i love animals they are deeeeeeelicious . 
everything is made from matter ... that's why everything matters . 
guess what i saw ! wood . 
what will they now use on photos for lgbt magazines ? an airbroosh 
i'd do a joke about amphibians . but they've all been toad . 
people ask me questions like i'm listening 
i bought a fan today ... it blows , man . 
the inventor of the jug died today . tributes have been pouring in . 
where do cows go on movie night ? to the moooovie night . 
what do you use to make boot soup ? birkenstock 
what is musical and handy in the supermarket . a chopin lizst . 
why can't a bicycle stand up ? it is two tired . 
it's impossible to slowly tiptoe around without activating t - rex arms . 
why did the blind man walk into a wall ? somebody shot his dog 
i had falafel for lunch ... now i feel awful . 
two peanuts are walking through central park . one was a salted . 
showerthought : we should make an online dating site called ebae . 
mrs claus hospitalised with severe cramps . heavy christmas period to blame . 
i mean , i'm smart , but i'm no alfred einstein . 
how did jack grow his portfolio ? he invested in beanstocks ! 
subtracting the average from a distributing is demeaning . 
what console does god use ? praystation 
day 218 of making fun of crossfit . 
i gotta hand it to stephen hawking because he can't catch . 
do they make those harmonica holders but for sandwiches ? 
i was tired yesterday and now i'm tired again today i'm retired 
life without love is pointless ... . love without life is necrophilia 
i have the email that hillary sent donald congratulating him on his victory deleted 
how to elephants talk to each other ? by elephone ! 
what's terrible but never gets improved the bad jokes on this subreddit 
just calculated my bmi and found out i should be 47ft tall . 
how does jesus like his meat ? saviory 
i stuck my finger in an outlet today it really hertz 
french pastry bakers are scary they give me the crepes . 
wanna hear a joke about paper ? nevermind , it's tearable ! 
what the hell is laser hair and why does everybody want it removed . 
i've just bought you all a deck of cards . deal with it . 
you know who is lazy to type ? 
in my will i am leaving everything to the imagination . 
swedish fish they aren't sweet , just sweet - ish . 
what is yellow and can't swim an excavator : d 
what do germans call their own easymac ? mein kraft 
every semicolon i have ever used has been a complete guess 
oc what's elton john's favorite kind of conditioner ? levon . 
come a little closer so i can push you away . women 
marries a mime . lives quietly ever after . 
what do they serve you in a viatnamese mcdonalds ? namburgers 
fact : it's not masturbation if you use a puppet . 
don't commit suicide 0 10 people who commit suicide recommend it . 
what do you call breakfast ? breaking fast yooo ! 
how do i change the ring on my phone to an onion ring ? 
the less hair i have the more head i get 
i am a nobody , nobody is perfect , therefore i am perfect . 
rick astley voted in the referendum . he's never gunna give eu up 
a friend told me how electricity was measured and i was like watt 
i'm not racist . white people scare me too . 
what's half of 8 ? 5 . the other half is 3 . 
should i get a " hummus " tattoo in hebrew and arabic ? 
medical humour a properly immobilized patient requires no anesthesia . 
badtimetraveladvice plague , shmlague . 13th century europe is where it's at ! 
the 70's called . they built a time phone . 
what's accounting ? something italians learn in preschool . 
toddlers run just like a 70s stuntman engulfed in flames . 
why was the lizard nervous in bed ? he had reptile dysfuncton 
i just axed this dude what kind of body spray he was wearing . 
58 of statistics are made up on the spot . 
what did the lawyer say to the other lawyer ? we are both lawyers 
what was hitler's favorite animal ? da cow 
how can you be so sad when you are so beautiful ? 
i'd hate to be turkey this christmas . 
the chuck norris action figure has slept with more women than most men . 
no , i'm not an addict i just really really need it . 
nobody knows how much work i put into looking only this fat . 
i put the u in murder 
what did the koalas say after getting in a fender bender ? eucalyptus . 
women have a higher risk of getting pregnant than guys . 
what's the difference between ignorance and apathy ? i don't know and i don't 
anyone ever see stevie wonders wife ? neither has he . 
the best way to get over someone is probably with your vehicle 
it's only an overdose if you're dead . 
popped a tire on a pot hole today badum tss 
hello darkness my old friend ... i've walked into a wall again . 
puts puppy in microwave googles instructions for making hotdogs quickly releases puppy from microwave 
what's the best part about going in without a condom ? the abortion . 
a warning to prisoners of the matrix snitches get glitches 
" still hung . over . " - - well endowed truck driver . 
submarines are just hipster boats . 
if chris redfield worked pest control ... it would be called resident weavile . 
i just think of unfollowers as me paying my follower tax . 
marriage . because dodging your own family wasn't enough . 
when fighting clowns , never hesitate . go straight for the juggler . 
the road to hell is paved . that's nice . 
how do scaredy - cats answer the phone ? yellow ? 
what really ticks people off ? time bombs . 
i think i'm allergic to mornings . 
why did the snowman smile ? because the snowblower is coming . 
what do you call a romantic basketball player ? love shaq 
a naked women robs a bank . nobody could remember her face . 
i hate french people they give me the crepes 
which big cat should you never play cards with ? a cheetah ! 
do vegetarians eat animal crackers ? 
how do blind people sign contracts ? on the dotted line . 
what do skeletons order at restaurants ? spare ribs . 
* brings oreos to a christmas cookie exchange * 
had a brainstorm , 32 neurons dead , 104 missing . 
when are jousting tournaments most commonly held ? knight time 
knock knock . who's there ? the pilot , let me in . 
my friend went to a party as the spanish inquisition ... nobody expected him 
what is a germans favorite letter ? i don't know but it's nazi . 
why did the boy like doing trigonometry ? just cos . 
a bicycle cannot stand alone it's two tired ! 
what is a printer's favorite village people song ? ymck 
whats a motivational word for a gopher ? gopher it . 
mitt romney 
you have enough fat to make another human . 
who knew george michael's " last christmas " ... was about the coroner ? 
what was bob the builder called after he retired ? bob . 
didn't support the troops , saw a bumper sticker , now do . 
i can't believe lou gehrig's parents named him after a disease 
brain cells come and go but fat cells live forever . 
iphone and macbook users . 
french intelligence joke 
what's the most unfortunate name a prisoner can have ? neil . 
is the eu working out ? it lost a few pounds this summer . 
roman numerals . what are they good iv ? 
your mother is like a christmas raffle . 1 a strip . 
what do you call a cult that is hard to get into ? difficult 
my favorite machine in the gym is the water fountain . 
cannibal n . someone who is fed up with people . 
what does a spanglish speaking chicken say when it's sorry ? i apollogize . 
" to serve and protect . " 
star wars spoilers not really dumbledore dies ! 
by now waldo must be wanted for tax evasion . 
how do dogs save for retirement ? with a ruff ira . 
what do you call a model flying an airplane full of animals ? zoolander 
why do people call memes " dank " ? because they release dopameme ! 
i approve of free range parenting the meat just tastes better . 
so i was sitting in traffic the other day ... got run over . 
i actually talked to real people this weekend . it was weird . 
did you hear the one about the sidewalk ? it's all over town ! 
gonna start a matchmaking site for very old people called carbon dating 
what's brown and sticky ? muhammed ali opening a can of coke 
exclamation points are cocaine for sentences ! 
i got mood poisoning . must have been something i hate . 
new ! top 100 tazers in america ! ! 45 will shock you ! 
what's the only thing in australia that won't kill you ? old age 
what kind of girls date firefighters ? hose . 
why couldn't the restaurant patron get into his car ? he had gnocchi . 
what's your grandma's favourite social media ? instagran 
one time i walked into kfc it was dark in there . 
what gives a ghost the right to haunt people ? a haunting license 
what is the most popular dating website in the south ? ancestry . com 
me : goodnight moon * moon favs but doesn't reply * 
stop telling jokes about zionism . israeli offensive . 
how do you suffocate a redneck ? tape his mouth shut . 
fortune teller recruitment come if you are accepted for the job 
damn girl , are you jamaican ? cause jamaican me crazy ! 
do you know what really grinds my gears ? poor clutch control . 
who wants to go to walmart and show off our teeth ? 
don't hate the playa , hate the white girl who says playa . 
nothing spoils the target more than a hit . 
meta dark humor is not funny especially when it steals your wallet . 
did you hear about the restroom for pencils ? it's for 2 only . 
how to turn your dishwasher into a snowblower . hand her a shovel ! 
my hair is beautiful . * * conditioner applied . 
how did jesus like his chicken ? crucifried 
some people don't like fracking but the alternative is boring ! 
" i'm so hard right now " - math 
what do you call a fire on the beach ? bernie sanders 
what do nazis drive ? auchwhips 
kid , are you a nuclear reactor ? because you're having a meltdown . 
what kind of tape do kidnappers use ? abduct tape 
an only child invented the boomerang . 
funny women are smart . be careful . 
women go crazy only once a month for 30 days . 
what's the most useless thing about a knife ? the k 
* wipes pizza grease sauce off mouth * * eats napkin * 
where does ben carson spend most of his time on reddit ? r explainlikeimfive 
george zimmerman is selling his gun i'm sure he'll make a killing . 
pro tip : don't moan when getting a pat down at airport security 
what kind of noodles do they eat in the hood ? spaghetto . 
which dance will a chicken not do ? the foxtrot ! 
whats an iphone 7's favorite brand of frozen pizza ? not jack's . 
what kind of poker do stoner cows play ? high steaks 
sometimes victoria's secret is victor's secret on weekends . 
how did han solo enter the world ? on the perineum falcon ! 
got a reality check today it bounced . 
now that i have teenagers i understand why some animals eat their young . 
if pingu started a metal band ... it would be called slipnoot 
you can stop lifting weights now it's actually your personality that nobody likes . 
you mama's so skinny ... . she can hang glide with a dorito ! 
who corrects santa's grammar ? a subordinate clause . 
i kayak . canoe ? 
2 men walked into a bar and their head hit first . 
my kids teach frat boys how to trash houses . 
momma didn't raise no fool . i did this all on my own . 
being narcoleptic is so boring it's snooze worthy : : : 
i'm thinking about trying steroids ... i hear they're all the rage ! 
what insect runs away from everything ? a flee ! 
rt if you just read facebook for the ads 
what did the german with food allergies say ? gluten nacht 
morning radio djs are just reading the internet to old people . 
what's a grammar teacher's favorite dessert ? synonym rolls ! 
what did the stoner say to his girlfriend ? we'd be good together . 
how do you make a ginger snap ? call them " carrot top " 
why do i love bananas so much ? they have a peel 
reddit ceo ellen pao is such a . . deleted 
how does a flight of steps check out a woman ? it stares . 
i'm not trying to be mean , but ... i'm pretty average . 
* gets stabbed " omg that knife was clean right ? ? " 
the lakers 
which actor is a dog's favorite ? bark ruffaro 
every tedtalk seems like a fake laugh convention . 
intelligent people are some of the biggest idiots i've ever met . 
what has 40 teeth and holds a monster at bay ? my zipper . 
want to hear an ebola joke ? you wont get it 
how does loose leaf watch tv ? paper - view 
i'm too immature for adultery . 
would you go into the woods ? - tiger wood 
where does finn buy groceries star wars fe spoilers traitor joes . 
if you can't convince them , confuse them . 
vegans don't beat their meat they beat their celery stick . 
i was on tv last night when i'm drunk , i sleep anywhere . 
what's the difference between usa and usb ? one has standards 
how do u get a pool table to laugh ? tickle its balls . 
i need ideas for april fools day pranks to play on my so 
do you know why i like camping ? because it's intense . 
you're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard . 
why is barbie never pregnant ? because ken comes in a different box . 
what kind of cheese did medusa eat ? gorgon zola . 
what two games does carl sagan play at the bar ? billiards and billiards 
why was 9 scared of 10 10 8 4 ha 
whisper out to librarians ! 
why there is no readhead in hell ? god does not punish twice . 
tumblr is like junk food they're both filled with trans fat . 
how do you prove human beings are inherently curious ? 
what do you call an exploding box ? your new note 7 package 
if one door closes another door opens , you're probably in prison . 
why ireland so rich ? because its capital is always dublin . 
the world's shortest joke - jimmy carr dwarf shortage 
what's the atheist's view on god ? nahweh . 
the most positive subreddit award goes to ... r hiv 
so brazil at the world cup ... 
what is like tomato but better ? dd - wrt 
apparently , i just ate 39 servings of tic - tacs . 
lazy people fact 5812672793 you were too lazy to read that number 
i was driving down a street with a magician he turned into a driveway 
nigeria's president is up for re - election . good luck jonathan ! 
nothing is certain but death and adobe flash player updates . 
tea anyone ? new daily jokes 
what's angry , fluffy and destructive and gathers inside stringed instruments ? violint 
i heard sylvia brown died ... bet she didn't see that coming . 
i bought a lazyboy chair last year it's still in the package 
what do you call presents after you've opened them ? pasts 
" i'm so over you . " - a blanket . 
schroedinger either gave the best or the worst presents . 
why couldn't the octopus take off her bra ? it had suction cups . 
in germany things generally go from bad to wurst . 
hi , you've reached my voicemail . why are you doing this ? 
tighty - whities are like cheap hotels no ballroom . 
my worst 3 subjects in school we're math and english . 
* fingers myself with giant foam sharknado 2 finger 
what do you call a wizard that puts people to sleep ? dumblebore 
i'm not crazy , my reality is just prettier than yours . 
i'd like deadlines more if they were called happy endings . 
what is hard , long , and full of seamen ? a submarine 
why did the duck fly because he was high on quack 
i don't know what my shoes are laced with but i'm tripping balls 
what kind of rodent ddos attacks al queda's twitter account ? an anonimouse 
i'm so horny i could eat out a horse . 
what kind of pants do you buy for your pet chihuahua ? shorts ! 
shout - out to people just out of earshot . 
9 out of 10 people agree ... gangbangs are awesome ! 
what is the holiest chord ? g sus 
there is no cool way to chase after a ping pong ball . 
11 9 the day america terrorized themselves . 
you must be from pearl harbor , cause baby , you're the bomb . 
dont wake the baby by elsie cries 
what's pun plus pun ? poo 
all this reddit drama lately . that's the joke . 
procrastinators unite ! tomorrow 
what did justin beiber say to his teacher ? what do you mean ? 
sarcasm : my second favorite - asm . 
i think we figured out which one was destiny's child . 
" that's what " - she 
19 : okay mom , don't freak out but ... too late 
why is pc the mustard race ? because consoles can't ketchup . 
what do you call a racist shark ? great whitey 
i got 66 problems and being upside down is 1 
why did the blonde stare at the ford ? it said focus . 
i removed electrons from a seal got a seal - ion 
relationships are mostly you apologizing for saying something hilarious 
best funny clip 2015 nice 
maintains eye contact while slowly rearranging the dishwasher 
will the australian eat jam ? he mar - might . 
bing is a fast search engine because you're the only person using it . 
what's jerry sandusky's favorite football position ? tight end 
what does a spanish dog say at the marina ? bark - o . 
the commonwealth games : for when you can't win an olympic medal . 
how do you enter a brothel in westeros ? through the hodor ! 
forgiveness is for people who don't know about arson . 
what does a bodybuilder do while waiting in a long line ? weights 
i'm having an introvert party and you're all not invited . 
whenever i have a twitter break , i check my job . 
why do cows think cooks are mean ? they whip cream ! 
chuck norris uses beer coasters as shurikens . 
how do people in wheelchairs propose ? 
my love life is like my ferrari ... it's nonexistent 
what should you never say to a brony ? hello 
gaining weight ? ... it's a piece of cake ! 
i keep the streets safe at night by staying home . 
... pichulamono123 , that's the joke . 
my phone's autocorrect would like to wish everyone a happy palestine day . 
my spirit animal died of neglect . 
always remember you're unique , just like everyone else . 
doctor doctor i keep thinking i'm a woodworm how boring for you ! 
thigh gap ? give me some corduroy pants and i'll start a fire . 
a guy asked me who's chips and cheese that is " nachos " 
why don't mathematicians have degrees ? they prefer radians . 
original dad's pun : sticks float . they would . 
what's yellow and flys through walls ? a magic banana ... 
what does the obama administration think about foreign relations ? why so syrias ? 
11 of my life has been spent watching things load 12 
with a name like freddy mercury ... shouldn't he have done heavy metal ? 
how do frogs die ? they kermit sucide 
there will be no screen names left for our children's children . 
apparently we can't call it crowbars anymore . its actually jackdawbars 
what's a horse's favorite dance the neigh neigh 
i'm jealous of my imaginary friend because he has a real friend 
what does the cannibal think after seeing a wheelchair user ? meals on wheels 
how to get out of school tell the school you are sikh 
why are the streets of paris lined with trees ? the germans like shade 
what technique does a prisoner use when coloring a picture ? cell shading . 
why do the police hate teenage fireflies ? they never stop lighting up . 
men treat women like objects . weird men treat objects like women . 
how is a girlfriend like a pronoun ? your's is possessive 
i just found out nicki minaj isn't animated ! 
seek respect , not attention . it lasts longer . 
did you hear about the crucifixion victims ? they're screwed up . 
the most overdone joke ever . deleted 
why was the couch afraid of the chair ? the chair was armed . 
when did the 100 years war get serious ? when the english got crecy 
what is not the answer to this question ? not this . 
2 people confessed to killing russian opposition leader boris nemtsov 
people who write hai and bai , wai ? 
what is it called when two lawyers are fighting ? civil war 
safe words are for quitters . 
online piracy is bad , one time i downloaded a boat 
why was the cow's house empty ? she was moo - ving 
my chicken and egg problem chicken or egg which is tastier ? 
colin firth has a younger brother named colin thecond 
i dropped acid this morning the teacher made us evacuate the lab . 
why did sally fall off her swing ? because she had no arms 
why did the energizer bunny go to jail ? he got charged with battery 
remember when muhammad ali died ? yeah , neither does he . 
your mum's so mean she doesn't even have a standard deviation . 
how disappointing is it that han solo didn't name his son guitar 
there's way too much blood in my alcohol system today 
german sausage is the wurst . 
thank god pets can't talk , they know so much 
all women are different . yet none of them can drive . 
what do you call an original joke ? baha fresh 
where do blind sparrows go for treatment ? the birds eye counter ! 
why did turkey disappear ? because austria was hungary . 
anyone have any special planes for 9 11 ? * plans . 
honey ... . where are my paaannts . ? ? 
does killing time damage eternity ? 
who is monica lewinsky's favorite football player ? clinton - dix 
there are no winners in life ... only survivors . 
here's the best joke i know the american school system 
how did the russian babysitter win the race ? she got ahead lol 
why do clumsy people get married ? they fall in love . 
cat and tree a 
my friend said she likes nickleback 
why is reddit called reddit ? because you've probably read it before . 
which vitamine are feminists missing ? d 
hey girl is there wifi here ? cuz i feel a connection 
womens rights 
what is yellow and incapable of swimming ? an excavator . 
what is mozart doing nowadays ? decomposing 
why do elephants have flat feet ? from jumpin outta palm trees , duh 
what do you call it when two snowmen 69 ? 88 
hey europe you look a great . have you lost a few pounds ? 
that awkward moment when twins realize that one of them was not planned 
how do eskimos make things stick together ? igloo 
" sorry sorry sorry reallysorry reallysorry sorry " - remorse code 
my stats prof is so romantic ... he keeps talking about his bayes theorem 
what's a bees favourite flower ? a bee - gonias ! 
the local pizzeria promised us the best delivery service but they didn't deliver . 
what's hitlers favourite weather ? heil ! 
i wish gummi bears screamed when you ate them 
the earth is roughly 70 water and 30 haters 
why are jokes about rotten eggs banned ? because they're infeggtious 
dear ugly people , you're welcome . sincerely , alcohol 
what's a shrimp boat captain's favorite drink ? hi - c 
tips on how to get girls tip 1 . don't be ugly . 
what kind of workout does bob the electrician do ? circuit training . 
i feel as useless as a kardashian sister's library card . 
which scientist invented the nuclear powered floor cleaner ? j . robert moppenheimer 
romeo amp juliet . doc ... ... is a play on word . 
superman and eyore had a baby . the baby's name ? supereyore 
everyone is a genius until they try to use their friend's microwave . 
no i would not like to know what fruit my body is shaped like 
two fish swim into a concrete wall " dam " 
what's a white racist's favorite food ? klan chowder 
what's the best way to pick up a woman ? like a sixpack 
how does a restaurant make 1 million you start with 2 million ! 
early reports say robin williams died from arson ... . but i doubtfire . 
apple have begun making prison guards ... apparently they like to lock up . 
george washington where does george washington keep his armies ? in his sleavies ! 
what kind of riddle has no answer ? 
chuck norris's sweat has burned holes in concrete . 
a lawyer goes to heaven ... 
let me tell you guys an alzheimer joke if i can remember it . 
i could be way funnier with like , 143 characters to work with . 
how does the terminator lose weight ? by counting kylereese . 
very tired of the nsa reading my tweets and not retweeting them . 
what happens when a cow stops shaving ? it grows a moostache . 
what borders on silly ? mexico amp canada 
i'm gonna rock and roll til 9pm and only party on weekends 
mail ! female ! 
what's pee - wee herman's favorite entree ? stroganoff . 
" slippery when wet " signs should be on everything . 
what did hitler dream of during the holidays ? a white christmas ! 
what does a cannibal do after he dumps his girlfriend ? wipes . 
how tall is luke skywalker ? six foot force : 
you should invest in helium it's only going to go up ! 
cremation my last chance at a smoking hot body 
* nudges widow at funeral * are you thinking arby's 
almir payday 2 that is all , thank you . 
don't forget how much dust you're inhaling all the time everywhere . 
what did hitler say when 7 ate 9 ? neinnn ! ! 
only 30's kids will get this ... jesus . 
who let the dogs out ? woof , woof , woof , woof 
my car is nicer then my girlfriend ... it's a real fairlady . 
how's the oil industry doing these days ? it's in the tank . 
my favorite gift to girls ... is ptsd . 
what's the fourth derivative called ? inauguration . why ? change of jerk . 
who's zombies greatest enemy ? necrophiliacs 
what did the devil get arrested for ? possession ! 
note to shelf : thanks for keeping my stuff off the floor . 
i childproofed my house , but they keep getting in . 
can't live without your coffee ? tweet about it ! 
what is red and goes putt putt putt ? an outboard apple . 
" i will take a nirvana sandwich . " " one with everything " 
there's nothing horribler than a word that isn't real . 
the human body is basically flavored water 
yo mama so ugly for halloween she trick or treats on the phone ! 
hear about that saudi girl ? sunnibody try to kill her , but shiite 
i once heard this joke about corn it was a - maizeing 
cannibalism isn't funny although , it depends on a person's taste ... 
why don't cannibals like to eat clowns ? because they taste funny . 
i send thank you cards to people that don't invite me to their weddings 
the only lie republicans haven't told about obama is he's white . 
5 shots 18 beers 6 apologies 
where can you find the speed of light ? at c level 
why do golf commentators speak softly ? to not wake the audience . 
what's the smelliest type of pencil ? a 2 pencil 
where does the vampire sail ? in the bloodstream . 
it's the 2016 olympics and chris brown is still the most famous female boxer 
what's the only thing worse than asbestos ? asworstos . 
what's the instrument of oppression ? the trumpet 
why wasn't daredevil in civil war ? he doesn't work well with vision 
why do russians rush b ? to break the rush - a stereotypes 
q . where do fish sleep ? a . in a river bed 
drugs don't kill people , people who run out of drugs kill people 
i haven't eaten since last year , so why haven't i slimmed down ? 
two dyslexics walk in to a bra 
where is the serengeti plain ? at the serengeti airport . 
what do you say to simba if he's walking too slow ? mufasa . 
yo'mo ma so fat she jumped off the grand canon and got stuck 
my grandfather died in auschwitz ... he died after falling from the guard tower 
what did the acorn say when it grew up ? geometry 
if i was a ghost i would probably still just watch netflix 
tear gas is the saddest gas . 
i struggle with an intense fear of becoming disabled it's crippling 
how do people in new orleans have their beer ? watered down 
someone just threw sodium chloride at me . it was a salt . 
what does batman ask when he enters a butcher shop ? gotham ? 
i turned into a cat earlier don't ask meow 
i lift at the gym the stairs are too much effort 
caught myself staring into the medicine cabinet like i do with the refrigerator . 
do we still not know who let the dogs out ? 
i'm not apathetic , i prefer emotionally constipated . 
i'm always on the guest list at club sandwich . 
what do you attach to a transgender chicken ? dez nuts ! 
trees have done a lot of shady things in their lives . 
sometimes i lie awake at night wondering where the word etymology came from ... 
buzz lightyear's ful name is " bumblebee 9 . 460731012 kilometers " 
million dollar hipster food idea : insta . ham 
donald trump should start preparing for next season of dancing with the stars . 
get it ? http : imgur . com aihm5 
why did the hot dog vendor cry ? he burned his wiener 
i always give away all my dead batteries ... ... free of charge . 
what does a hungry clock do ? he goes back four seconds . 
i win all of my breakups by not getting fat . 
ducks are the best animals to tell jokes . they always quack me up 
they should make a gym for cops , called " stop resisting " . 
how do you cause a riot at a cat show ? open a can 
donald trumps presidential campaign i'd say thats a good enough joke ... 
physics what's a physicists favourite graph ? a van de graaff . 
i'd rather be an outlaw than an in - law . 
i'd give anything to be a philanthropist . that is all . 
whats better then getting a gold medal in the paralympics ? walking . 
every coat is a fur coat when your cat sleeps on it 
i bet lorde is a gold digger she is a minor after all . 
i just stopped by the apple store to use the restroom . ipeed . 
what kind of room has no windows or doors a mushroom 
whats yellow and lives off dead beatles ? yoko ono 
how do eskimo fleas stay warm ? a flea's blanket . 
what kind of bread always goes wrong ? a rye 
what is the dirtiest day of the week ? saturday 
i miss my ex but my aim keels improving ... one day 
the most important tip when you're fapping solo . always use your han . 
and before bros , churros . 
" java is to javascript as ham is to hamster . " 
what's a tongue twister ? when your tang gets all tongueled up . 
where do you hide after a murder ? behind a badge . 
4 : 04 am error ! sleep not found ! 
jaden smith 
which are the scariest kind of bees ? zombees 
i'm having one of those days where nothing seems to be going write . 
wanna hear a joke ? i get no karma for this . : 
a news reporter introduces his new co - worker on air this justin 
what kind of skin lotion do acrobats use ? cirque d'ol ay 
what do hostages eat ? thingsyoudontaskalexa 
that's the pope favorite method of payment ? paypal 
how did helen keller meet her husband ? on a blind date ! 
a couple were working as weed dealers it was a joint operation . 
how do skeletons greet each other ? bon'ni chiwa 
what instrument does the uterus play ? the fallopian tuba . 
what's a russian's favorite snack ? chechen nuggets 
smoking is a scientific wonder ! it kills people , but cures salmon . 
whats pink and always slippery ? a pink slipper 
what's the difference between the standard alphabet and christmas alphabet ? there's noel . 
why are plumbers always so tired ? because their job is draining . 
what do trees take when they have a headache ? aleve . 
why can't the plane fly ? because it's grounded . 
guns don't kill people bullets do 
what do you call an std for homeless people ? hermit crabs 
if vampires have no reflection , how come they have such neat hair ? 
plot twist : everybody shoots cupid with an arrow . 
we trace hands to make turkeys . quite a handy technique . 
" you like mayonnaise ? prove it . " - costco 
what's gambling like in heaven ? it's a pair - a - dice . 
how do you know when spring is here ? the leafs are out ! 
why was the router released early from prison ? it had connections . 
donald trump is a good president 
what does a pirate do for entertainment ? whatever floats his boat . 
what do you call the crucified baby jesus ? baby on board . 
don't tell them but ... i write horrible things about illiterate people . 
i can't stop making figurines of frodo it's hobbit forming . 
sleep with too many rich people and you can get herpes 
what is jesus favorite workout ? pontius pilates 
knock - knock pic 
what does a house wear ? address ! 
a bug zapper , but for people trying to come into my office . 
i know its not christmas , but santa's lap is always ready . 
for tax purposes , my carpe is now per diem . 
why are bears so hairy ? they don't have salons in the jungle ! 
ellen degeneres found dead she was found face down in ricki lake : d 
many people think a pirates favourite letter is r . it's actually the c 
we should call people who vape ... * vapires * 
making it rain cheetos in the club my bedroom 
why don't i have laugh lines ? because i never smile . : 
why couldn't the physicists change the lightbulb ? too much work . 
weird how tv characters hardly watch any tv . 
what do you say when only the egg remains ? it's all ovum now 
ate a vegetable about 5 hours ago ... still no abs . 
crime scene * detective snaps pics of murder victim * corpse : delete it 
why does jesus eat at benihana ? because he loves miso ! 
what type of gun do time travelers use ? a clock - 18 
did steve jobs house have windows ? ... 
what's an archaeologist's favorite verb ? bone . 
what did batman give doctor freeze with his whisky ? just - ice 
fact about apple car it has windows 
i really admire what caitlyn jenner did took some balls 
what idiot decided to call them koalas instead of awww - stralians ? 
what's the worlds longest sentence ? i do . 
why can't caitlyn jenner lie to her kids ? she's a transparent . 
what does a psychologist wear to bed ? a freudian slip . 
how do you defeat your enemies ? chop off their feet . 
i'd make an excellent cavewoman because i can finger paint and light fires . 
forget plastic surgery . enhance your beauty by getting those around you drunk 
cracks chemistry joke no reaction 
what is the tastiest liquid in a fruit ? the iv drip 
elevator jokes are pretty funny they work on so many levels 
how does a burger acquire good taste ? with a little seasoning ! 
why is revenge a dish best served cold ? because it's just - ice 
yo mama cross - eyed and watches tv in stereo . 
why don't anteaters get sick ? because they're full of anty - bodies ! 
what do you tell a cow blocking a road ? mooove 
hungary conquered turkey ... they had to change their name to full . 
say what you will about censorship on reddit removed 
* baby takes first step * wow took you long enough 
* shakes the atm like it's a vending machine * 
only one man has ever entered parliament with honest intentions ... ... guy fawkes 
is it just me ? ... or are circles pointless 
" we are going to taiwan " juan : no , please don't ! 
i chuckled at this one suicidal arsonist burned at the stake . 
just saw the hottest dilf ! it was glazed 
testing , please ignore test ing 
how did jesus feel after the last supper ? a bit cross . 
learn from your parents mistakes : use birth control . 
how are condoms like cameras ? they capture your special moments . 
what makes a glow worm glow ? a light meal ! 
explosion at a pie factory . 3 . 14159265 dead . 
what sound does an italian make when you shoot him ? wop 
web md should go ahead and sell caskets . 
we should rename reddit to redpost . because everything is a repost . 
eli5 what is it like being six . 
whats the best thing orlando bloom's ever been in ? katy perry 
hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia : fear of long words . 
i googled missing medieval servant boy 404 paige not found 
what's a rabbits favorite movie ? rabbits of the lost ark . 
on what kind of ships do students study ? scholarships . 
steph curry did what lebron couldn't do win a championship in cleveland 
worst name for a group of election tellers . the tally - band . 
" but i need braaaaaaains ! " a frustrated zombie at a trump rally 
why do robots make bad lovers ? nuts amp bolts ! 
bigamy is having one wife too many . so is monogamy . 
why did simba's father die ? because he couldn't mufasa ! 
i met mrs . right today too bad she's already married . 
your momma is so ugly that scorpion says " get away from me " 
sometimes i think to myself ... and then other times i don't 
i was dating a hot air balloonist at least she let me down gently 
what did the scornful owl say ? twit twoo . 
scientists have reversed global warming ! get rekt , sun ! 
why couldn't 5 stop drinking ? because it was 2 turnt up 
why was the skunk angry ? he was incensed ! 
what do you call wolverine post - op ? an x - man . 
i think i pulled a muscle avoiding my neighbor in the grocery store . 
don't let herpes become yourpes . 
til til means til 
the best underwear jokes ... . are brief . 
a lion would probably call a kenyan runner fast food . 
i'm just me looking for fun 
what do you call not wanting to reminisce ? no - stalgia . 
gramma gramma gramma gramma gramma chameleon she's old and cold she's old and coooooold 
why can't edward leave russia this winter ? he'll be snowden . 
what is r jokes main function ? ctrl v 
my dad hit my with this one : his belt . 
why does china hate digimon fans ? because they recognise ty won 
" let's call it a day . " - guy who invented that word 
" that escalated quickly " - idiot in an elevator 
have you tried complaining about it for hours ? 
terrible invention pitch : decaf red bull 
sorry waiter for pushing you over when you asked me to tip you 
who's the aardvark's favorite female vocalist ? bearbara streis - ant ! 
why don't orphans play baseball ? they have no home to run to 
ocean how does the ocean greet us ? 
cao h2o ca oh 2 is this reaction illegal too ? 
what starts with f and ends in uck ? fire truck . 
what is a vampire's sweetheart called ? his ghoul - friend . 
fruits are single - handedly keeping the sticker industry afloat . 
it was the middle ages . there's no way rapunzel didn't have lice . 
what fish is made of only two sodium ions ? 2 na : d 
what do cars do at the disco ? brake dance . 
there're two reasons why i wear a diaper for 1 amp 2 
how do russians watch online movies ? nyetflix ! 
in the ben affleck version , batman's parents kill themselves . 
darth vader should've married ... a woman named ella 
talk is cheap until you hire a lawyer . 
" please stop that . " - person who witnessed first guy beatboxing 
where do bees go on holiday ? stingapore ! 
is a welshman's girlfriend ... ... his baae ? 
scientists have discovered a fantastic new shade of the colour green . its sublime 
why did the cyclops quit teaching ? he had only one pupil . 
what do you call an old man's hard on ? petrified wood . 
my dyslexic brother made ginger bread yesterday . poor tyrone . . 
what website are the germans least likely to laugh at ? neingag . 
john was feeling happy happy felt disgusted and ran away 
no deja vu please ... i don't want to go through that again 
what a time to be alive ! right now . 
what do you call an owl who does magic ? who - dini 
did you hear the one about the iphone 7 headphone jack ? removed 
while standing in the queue looking at my phone ... i'm online online 
what is batman's favourite hair product ? conditioner gordon . 
my teenage daughter is very odd she literally can't even . 
arnold schwarzenegger's now working in pest control ... he's an ex - terminator . 
what's the difference between public hair and pubic hair ? pants . 
probably the best joke rn your face ... 
why is the queen only 30cm tall she is a ruler ... 
simba was walking too slow ... so i told him to mufasa . 
resistance training but me dragging my kids into school . 
hey , lucy ! does this rag smell like chloroform to you ? 
is your refrigerator running ? because i would vote for it . 
the worst " f " word finals 
what do neutrinos and i have in common ? we're always penetrating your mom 
and we're still calling it auto " correct " because ... . 
i just searched google for lost medieval servant boy " page not found " 
what's in a domestic book ? home page . 
just threw away a trash can . that was weird . 
how do you spell coward ? s - o - n - y 
if your girlfriend starts smoking ... slow down and use a lubricant . 
what country is the most fragile ? china ! 
women are like mechanics . i have no idea what they're talking about . 
too err is human ... to arr is pirate . 
how many mods does it take to screw in a light bulb ? removed 
where do you weigh a whale ? at a whale weigh station 
here's a joke the amount of subscribers to this community 
confession : i have dipped cheese into softer cheese . 
what's the world's most dangerous city ? electricity 
80 of making 120 million is just showing up . 
what was the last thing the australian terrorist said . koallah akbar . 
a fruit probably wouldn't travel to australia but a veggie might 
i don't really like abortion jokes . the delivery is always sloppy . 
pig's explanation for the creation of the universe : the pig bang theory . 
what did the astronaut get instead of athlete's foot ? missile toe 
what age were pigs discovered in ? the saus age . 
what kind of book does an irish cultist read ? the leprenomichaun . 
what's an english teacher's favourite cereal ? synonym grahams 
what do they call peter pan in china ? peter wok 
why is an angry drunk not called mean - spirited ? 
nicki minaj knows we can see her , right ? 
this sub has the most amazing jokes on reddit . 
neurotic girls ... wear freudian slips 
what do feminists do in halloween ? they go triggertreating . 
dad joke : do you know where you get water from ? well ... 
if a man with no arms has a gun , is he armed ? 
problems i've got 99 problems and they're all first world . 
worrying that ghosts watch you use the toilet is a pretty legitimate concern . 
what type of computer is unusually large ? a dell 
shortest horror story : tomorrow is monday again ! 
what do you call a heavy toilet ? el ton john . 
what personal space ? my dog 
in know what comes after i ... just kidding ! 
if you want a committed man , look in a mental hospital . 
where did the cantaloupe take his vacation ? john cougar's melon camp 
relationships are like houseplants , if they're mine they die 
i don't buy my fruit from chris brown ... because it's always bruised ! 
how do you spot the vegan at a party ? they'll tell you . 
why is kim jung un so upset ? because he has no seoul 
tom should concentrate less on myspace and more on his shoe business 
common sense is a flower that doesn't grow in everyone's garden . 
which one of you eggs is my employer ? 
ever heard a good joke about sodium ? na 
why did broke man fall over ? he ran out of balance 
why can't indiana jones find a long lasting relationship ? bad dates . 
what has four legs , feathers , and can fly ? two birds 
what rhymes with orange no it doesn't . 
what's a tents favorite kind of meat ? stakes 
my girlfriend says i never listen to her or something like that 
two paleontologists where moaning in a ditch one found a bone 
why are old balloons cheaper than new balloons ? because of inflation 
why did the cowboy's car stop ? it had injun engine trouble . 
are you half decapitated ? because this joke is poorly executed . 
is everything expensive or i'm just poor ? 
books keep falling on my head ... . i've only got myshelf to blame 
what's a dogs favorite part of a tree ? stick ? bark ! 
the only effective way to end a facebook conversation is with " lol " 
what's sauron's favorite soft drink ? mountain dewm 
oddly addictive : some of the absolute worst jokes you've ever heard 
what idiot called them dog tags instead of collar id 
i'm a low maintenance girlfriend . just bring me a bouquet of cats . 
why can't a blonde dial 911 ? she can't find the eleven . 
do you want to know what's really annoying ? deleted 
what's the cincinnati zoo's least favorite rap group ? gorillaz 
i hate how my job always expects me to show up . 
potato potato tomato tomato it works better when spoken ... 
santa loves the rich kids more . 
what's brown and smells funny ? clown poo 
why don't hindu rappers have battle raps ? because they got no beef . 
your mom is like reddit always under a heavy load 
what has handles and flies ? a witch in a garbage can . 
you lost me at " my psychic said . . " 
what is eren's aot favorite song ? moves like jaeger 
what did the tricep say to the muscular receptionist bye , cep ! 
i want my next apartment to be located inside a whole foods . 
a man is stranded on a dessert island and it was delicious . 
yes , i read the internet . but only for the articles . 
what is obama's least favorite christmas carol ? let it snowden . 
why are snakes hard to fool ? they have no legs to pull ! 
going to do everything the nyquil bottle tells me not to 
when she told me i was average , she was just being mean . 
what is wun - wun's favorite activity ? taekwundo . 
your inability to learn complicated handshakes is tearing this gang apart . 
what's the smelliest breed of dog ? a poo - dle 
what's the problem with radioactive underpants ? chernobyl fall out . . 
what's an islamist's favourite crop ? rice is . 
if there was an accepted currency worldwide , it would be beer . 
. beyonce can you feed my turtles while i'm on vacation 
what's in the toilet of the star ship enterprise ? the captains log 
tell me somethig dirty ... vw jetta 2 . 0 tdi 
i'm worried that if i give up smoking i'll replace it with murdering . 
i liked kim jong - un better when he sang gangnam style . 
how much do americans like racist jokes ? enough to make one president . 
life is just better when you're laughing . 
how do bees get to school ? by school buzz ! 
" toothpaste ? you made that word up ! " - steve bushemi 
what goes in hard but comes out soft and sticky ? gum 
i like sleeping , it's like death without the commitment . 
why can't you find any painkillers in the jungle ? because the paracetomol 
what happened to the pie dish that got arrested ? he was foiled . 
what's et's first name ? spag . 
what has 50 legs but cant walk ? half a centipede ! 
how are books like dogs ? the good ones are hard to put down 
why can't cows do ballet ? because they lactose . 
i have a stepladder . i never knew my real ladder . 
careful girls , fat guys just wanna get inside your pantries . 
don't give trump viagra he'll get taller . 
why did the jellyroll ? he saw the apple turnover . 
santa keeps his suits in the clauset . 
what kind of people are always in a damn hurry ? russians 
" let there be one more blade ! " - gillette marketing concepts . 
we all grew up in the hood childhood 
i'm starting to feel bullied by all the anti - bullying commercials . 
what's a canadian anarchist's favorite shape ? a circle , eh . 
what's the definition of confusion ? fathers day in detroit . 
i'm in the mood to multiply 
every day is a new day . for someone with alzheimer's or dementia . 
the grown up version of tetris is loading a full dishwasher . 
my next song is about subtraction . take it away ... 
59 it's like a 69 , but one person is in a wheelchair . 
how did the hipster drown ? by swimming in the main stream . 
i carry a knife , but it's just in case of cake . 
did you hear one direction is breaking up ? they're heading separate ways . 
how does frankenstein sit in his chair ? bolt upright . 
yes i am that gift that keeps on giving most people the finger . 
curiosity microwaved the cat . 
i do my trigonometry outside ... cos tan . 
the man who created autocorrect has died restaurant in peace 
if you're happy and you know it go to hell 
what is a whales favorite pasttime ? netflix and krill . 
what do welshmen call a sheep dog in wales ? their pimp 
most kids today wont understand the joy of playing with the telephone cord . 
what is america worth ? nothing , it's a free country . 
physics gives me a large hadron . 
what is a dutchman who lost his driving license ? homeless . 
* sleeps with the fishes but does not use condom * 
what did the cow with a cold say ? boo 
r kelly taking the art out of rap artist . 
i watched an indian weapon dancing ritual today it was pretty sikh . 
why is math book so sad ? it has many problems ... 
out of 11 , how bad is your ocd ? 
happy birthday question from grandpa hey nephew are you trying to overtake me ? 
what's the tragedy with little people ? they lead such short lives . 
who always wins at musical chairs ? rosa parks 
how does mulan's boyfriend explain himself when she caught him smoking pot ? shanghai 
where did the indian buy his sandwiches ? the new dehli 
what did fish a say to fish b ? wasabi ? 
i wonder if jeremy irons ever quietly laughs to himself while he's ironing . 
mothers with teenagers know why animals eat their young . 
who sleeps at the bottom of the sea ? jack the kipper ! 
fun fact : cats call their pussies " people " 
why do electricians wear pants ? because they hate shorts . 
your name is jeff with a g ? jeffg ? ok 
my wife is like a piece of sodium carbide she's dangerous when wet 
when a roofer works pro bono ... it's on the house 
what do you call children born in whore houses ? brothel sprouts ... 
happy new year 2018 first . 
what's better than getting gold in the special olympics ? being normal . 
any question can be a rhetorical question if you walk away fast enough . 
my girlfriend took me bra shopping it was an uplifting experience 
if i had a dollar for every gender i'd have 1 . 79 . 
can i program my dvr to delete whitney but keep the funny commercials ? 
god made me an atheist who are you to question his wisdom . 
vampire who is obsessed with his diet . - count calories 
shakira molests air and calls it dancing . 
fe fi fo fum bopomofo first time to make a joke i tried . 
what do you call cheese that is by itself ? provolone 
i just thought of a really funny joke ... but i forgot it . 
why did the plant get sentenced to death ? cause bush did 9 11 
it's getting harder and harder to find vodka - flavored vodka . 
the leading cause of depression is reality . 
two elephants jump off a cliff boom , boom 
when do we need airplane noises ? neeeeeeeeoooooowwwwwww 
how did the bear kill the man ? with his bear hands . 
trumps wives were immigrants proving again that they'll do jobs americans won't 
why did the trump inauguration look so small ? camouflage ! 
c sections . they really take it out of you . 
10x2 and 11x2 are the same thing 10x2 20 and 11x2 20 too 
stop correcting my vodkabulary 
i think i have an infallibility complex i've never been wrong before . 
great britain has left the eu now they have a gb of free space 
a year on twitter ... i remember when all this was fields . 
if joffrey baratheon was anymore inbred ... he'd be a sandwich . 
what time do you go to the dentist ? 2 : 30 
i slept like a log last night . a badger pissed on me . 
life is basically one long , terrible date with yourself . 
what was the internet speed in canada in the 1990's ? 56eh . 
how does a lawyer sleep ? he rests his case ... 
i built that beach a sandcastle . beaches love sandcastles . 
what did the bear say to the judge ? i bearly touched her . 
meth , because teeth are annoying . 
did you here about the female thief ? i heard she was a mistake 
what's the cheesiest stallone film ? roquefort . 
what do chemists say when they smell something that they don't like ? pu 
one man's sarcastic answer , is another man's stupid question 
the letter r is just the letter p showing off some leg . 
shout - out to my arms for always being by my side 
i'm opening up a battered shrimp shelter in my stomach . 
who am i ? - everything bagel 
what's hitler's favorite letter ? i don't know , but certainly not z . 
silence is golden by xavier brethe 
the c in closed is open ... but the o in open is closed 
you know what most people hate about ambiguity ? stuff . 
" it's not you , it's meat " - vegan break up 
what do you call an italian's semi - formal shirt ? marco's polo 
i don't like anti jokes ... i like uncle jokes 
how do pirates know that they exist ? they think , therefore they arrrr 
sorry , my dog ate your text message . 
what's the heaviest soup ? one ton soup . 
twitter : something to read when people are talking to you . 
what's yellow and smells of bananas ? monkey sick 
eyebrow gaps are so much more important than thigh gaps 
what does hitler say when he's impressed ? that's totalatarily awesome 
what's the spaciest kind of camel ? andromedary 
what is the world's fastest land animal ? the ethiopian chicken 
here is a horrible insult . you look good . 
i told my friend he was noble ... . he didn't react . 
kristen stewart looks like she always has mono 
what did the hawaiian jihadist say before he died ? aloha ackbar ! 
carbs are my starch enemy . 
my last girlfriend was a promiscuous impressionist . she did everybody . 
how do alien hunters keep from oversleeping ? they seti their alarm - y 
divorced couples have two chromosomes . ex and why . 
crack babies are really sad but meth babies are super productive . 
dress for the job you want others to think you have . 
if all else fails , pretend you don't speak english . 
my misery likes tequila , not company . 
pictures of rich missing kids should go on the back of 1 
why don't tortoises wear scarves ? they have turtlenecks 
i have never seen a thin person drinking diet coke . 
never go car shopping when you're hungry for cars . 
who so thelioma ? mesothelioma 
matthew mcconaughey is for matthew mcconaughorses 
why are they called dive bars ? because they have pool 
you're the reason why women earn 75 cents to the dollar . 
you tolkien to me ? ! " - hobbit de niro . 
rip fidel castro you will be commu - missed . 
* stares into distance * distance : please stop staring . it's rude . 
what do you call a search for small guitars ? uke hunt ! 
i need a good pun about calvinism 
i am going to kiss you and take your resources 
if weddings were for couples there would be men's wedding magazines . 
the insomniac by eliza wake 
who forgot his phone charger today ? this gu 
who wants to get enraged and go persecute christians ? no one . 
can't call it a real relationship if you feel single . 
if anyone has a good fishing pun ... let minnow . 
caps lock . because it's time to unleash the fury ! 
help me obi won bacardi , i'm sobering up . 
" i know " - me , on something i don't know 
what does an electrician say while meditating ? ohm ... ohm ... 
where do mathematicians sail ? indices . 
male ladybugs prefer to be called " bugs . " 
settle down , levi's commercial . you are talking about pants . 
gynaecologist aka female private investigator 
loaf me , loaf me , say that you knead me . 
my childhood was pretty traumatizing ... for my parents . 
what did that car driver die of ? 
chuck norris was at the homerun derby he pitched a no hitter ! 
girl , if you were a camel , i'd hump you ! 
my new television is really hyperactive . it's an adhdtv . 
how do sheep divide candy ? they all get their fair shear 
i treat my body like a temple . . that's been destroyed by isis 
how did pirates communicate before the internet ? pier to pier networking 
i just gave my cat a bath . your move satan . 
what did delaware ? a brand new jersey ! 
i dont make typos . i make new words . 
" yo man , what's shakin ? " nepal 
not wearing condoms because the world needs more people like you . 
it's just not sanitary to let people get under your skin . 
my tv makes me wonder what song samsung . 
i miss the old days nostalgia was better back then . 
what are a gorilla's favorite months ? ape - ril and bananuary 
the 1 rule of being a successful shirt : always be clothing . 
i had to fire my carpenter turns out he was a mahoganist . 
the world of vegetables by artie choak 
people in detroit call grand theft auto v " tuesday " 
i hate when people post lyrics from songs , but i will survive . 
what did the african eat for breakfast ? ebola cereal . a bowl of 
what's the incredible hulk's favorite food ? smashed potatoes . 
in other words , 2 percent of household germs kinda like lysol spray 
how can you make your d bigger ? caps lock 
one group of people still can't get married in the us ugly people 
what do you call a shy hamburger restaurant ? meekdonalds 
why shouldn't you make abortion jokes ? it's always too soon . 
why couldn't the founding fathers ever get a date ? they were revolting 
martin luther king day white's sale . 
a musician was arrested ... he's in treble . 
getting a teardrop tattoo for every leaf i've accidentally stepped on 
moses had the first tablet with cloud connectivity . 
what is macaulay culkin's favorite cheese ? provolone 
why can you trust noone in the savannah ? cause they be lion . 
did you know the packers were trump supporters ? ha ha clinton - dix 
i inherited my chronic diarrhea from my parents it runs in the genes 
what is an italian with alzheimer's favorite espresso drink ? affogato ! 
mayweather remains unbeaten unlike his ex - girlfriends . 
has anybody seen my keys ? theyre awesome . 
i electrified a clickbait journalist's toilet . number 2 will shock them . 
two law students walk into a bar . they both failed . 
" i like the way you move ! " - jealous inanimate object 
what kind of money does mario use ? 8 - bitcoins 
can a ninja kill you from 20ft away ? sure he can . 
i really showed that rubik's cube who's unemployed . 
so , apparently human centipede is getting another sequel . human turducken 
and the king of puns said it's going to be another reigny day 
mathematically speaking , 9 11 was quite rational 
what makes a pun , fun ? add an h . 
" are there drug dealers on twitter ? " asking for 522 friends . 
til that i'm dyslexic . whoops , wrong bus . 
what is a necrophiliac's safe word ? i'm alive . 
wouldn't exercise be more fun if calories screamed while you burned them ? 
just like jesus i can walk on water , if it's cold enough . 
what's the main ingredient in a jedi martini ? qui - gon gin 
* hits rock bottom * dwayne johnson : i have a boyfriend . 
how do you bury a pothead ? coughin 
what type of martial arts does jesus know ? jiu jitsu . 
what was carl sagan's favorite drink ? cosmos . 
how do you escape a fascist authoritarian regime ? by getting aboard a voat 
picture a fox . wrong . they are smaller than that . 
what do you call triple h practicing for a wwe match ? preparation h 
maybe i'm the good kind of fat like an avocado . 
where do star trek fans work out ? at the he's dead gym . 
what's the best way to see yesterday's front page ? 9gag 
what was 2016 ? the best joke i've ever heard ! 
how do you spell " pringles " in spanish ? pringles 
my mom says i procrastinate ... but i'll deal with that later 
say what you want about russian athletes but their training regimen is pretty dope 
one thing i've learned about pizza jokes ... it's all in the delivery . 
great weight loss tip : become an astronaut . 
who was the best player on the seahawks last night ? the broncos center 
how do ghosts get drunk ? booze . 
i almost took a bite of my friend's sandwich woops , wrong sub . 
what australian city has the most cats ? purrth . 
why are religious people afraid of trigonometry ? cos they are afraid of sin 
why can't you feel photons ? because they are light . 
what do you call an irish snake in lord of the rings ? legolas 
why is it called your bowels and not your instinks 
which dinosaur walks with a limp ? a myfeetasaur 
what does msg stand for ? mandarin service guaranteed . 
how do you spot an attention whore on reddit ? - 
a clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory . 
what did the shirt say to the pants ? what's up , britches . 
what food describes most men ? jerky . 
who may become a prime minister ? theresa may . 
yo mama rouchy the mcdonalds she works in doesn't even serve happy meals . 
what do buzzards in kansas eat ? carrion , my wayward son . 
how do you know if someone is using recursion ? 
i've given up masturbation for a week i'm just not feeling myself anymore . 
hi - fi , mid - fi and low - fi stereotypes 
a bold move ... * * move * * 
2 things i hate 1 hypocrites 2 and people who don't finish anyth 
i don't think i can go back to a white president 
sodium and hydrogen should be friends . nah , sounds like a bad idea 
why gordon ramsey hates wwe because it's f * cking raw 
from what i've seen 3d printers print more than d d d . 
how do you know a shirt has phoned you ? collar id 
* angrily detangles self from wind chime * 
sit down , give your mind a rest - it obviously needs it . 
what do you call a constipated german ? far - from - poopin 
why did the russians lose the space race ? their rocket kept stalin ! 
where do floridians wash their clothes ? in fort launderdale . 
manchester united 
how much electricity is in the ground ? 1 terrahertz 
getting up is only the second hardest thing in the morning . 
if you're afraid of elevators take steps to avoid them . 
what was jeremy clarkson on during top gear ? speeeed ! 
usian bolt's favourite country ? i - ran 
what's isis's favorite country band ? allahbama 
colin had his neck brace fitted years ago he's never looked back 
i have adhd how do i upgrade to ad4k ? 
if your lawyer has a ponytail you're going to prison . 
what was hitler's favourite song ? knocking on ovens door 
what's the best machine to impress women at the gym ? the atm 
what do you call an interracial dwarf actor ? a half cast 
can walmart be a feeling ? i think that's how i feel today . 
what's missing from star wars 7 ? maybe spoiler nobody's limbs . 
how many kids does a sterile german have ? nein . 
three words to hurt a mans ego ? " is it in ? " 
went to the moon for dinner last night good food no atmosphere 
sam sung a song , and puff ! an apple materialized ! 
what's the best selling soft drink in italy ? dr . pepe 
what did the hot dogs name their child ? frank 
what's the most capable element ? tin , because tin can . 
what's a yankee ? it's a quickie ... . but you do it yourself 
a good joke for the engineers out there free time 
did you hear about that look alike contest in china ? everybody won 
a soccer ball walks into a bar . the bartender kicked him out . 
you can't choose your family but you can choose a hitman . 
* goes into fabric store looking for girlfriend material * 
chuck norris has never lost his virginity . chuck norris never loses . 
can orphans eat at a family restaurant ? 
how do you measure a lego figure's shoe size ? in square feet . 
who represents a ghost in court ? a paralegal . 
how did the nucleus escape from prison ? through the cell wall . 
what can you make and break at the same time ? a racket . 
what tastes good ? popcorn . 
what do they call traffic laws in 3rd world countries ? guidelines 
what's a weeaboo's favorite religion animism 
what kind of sharks make good carpenters ? hammerheads ! 
surprise ! - sharts 
what's the easiest way to twist someone's arm ? thalidomide 
i want to debate ! someone disagree with me ! no . 
only redditors would get this deleted 
did you hear about that nightclub for birds ? was rave'n 
i hate it when people can't make a good sausage its the wurst 
football would actually be entertaining of each team was allowed one bear . 
what does a runner lose after winning a race ? his breath . 
charlie sheen thinning 
australian cricket team 
knock knock who's there ? ana ana who ? ana gonna tell you 
how do you get a criminal to stop running ? play the national anthem 
why did lebron change his name to ebron because the cavaliers toke the l 
neil patrick harris couldn't host a tapeworm without a musical number . emmys 
i walked into the reddit restaurant . all the servers were busy . 
waiter what's this fly doing in my soup ? it's fly soup sir ! 
you know what's a weird irish name ? patty o'fu rniture . 
why did the hard drive crash ? because it had a bad driver . 
4k tvs ? no thanks i only need one 
why is a change machine easy to understand ? it makes cents . 
knock knock ! come in . 
poker doesn't work well in africa . there's just too many cheetahs . 
i just sent my first e - mail . kongratulations ! 
why do accountants make good lovers ? they're great with figures . 
just been told i've got the job as a mime ... i'm speechless . 
burping up taco bell is like returning to the scene of the crime 
the reason patrick is always clueless is because he lives under a rock . 
how do you make cottage cheese ? you shake a baby . 
a girl went to thailand ... and came back a changed man . 
why does a hummingbird hum ? it forgot the lyrics . 
what is chuck liddell's favorite fruit ? the grapple ... 
what does a feminist pick up from the post office ? their femail 
what seemed to be the parrots problem ? prolly wanted a cracker ! 
poker ? i can't even see who you're pointing at ! 
political joke donald trump 
a vasectomy can make a vas deferens in your life 
dogs are just vacuums that want to be rewarded 
why was the programmer's code incomprehensible ? no comment . 
what is hitler's favorite reality show ? the amazing race 
what was jeffrey dahmer's favorite snack ? chopped dates . 
the world isn't going to end tomorrow ... it's not on my calendar . 
why do mathematicians love talking about jesus ? because he's a cross product . 
an alcoholic walks into a bar 
what is homer simpsons favorite bread ? sour - doh ! 
forbidden fruit creates many jams . 
valve hasn't won yet they're not * * tri * * - umphant 
these attacks in paris were really terrible 13 11 never baguette 
why did they plant trees in harlem ? public transportation . 
how do sheep sign their e - mails ? ewes sincerely . 
why is yoda programming full of exceptions ? because there is no try . 
i was braised by wild cannibals . 
" ? leef uoy ekam taht did woh dna " - reverse psychology 
why are so many ghosts alcoholics ? because they love booooooooooooooooooooze ! ! 
why are russians so heartless ? because organ traders offer good price . 
what does the german president wear ? leader - hosen . 
what do you call an irish j - pop singer ? rady o'ga ga 
how to stop pedophilia worldwide ? kill all the children . 
why did the u . s . invade panama ? just cause 
why should you always carry toilet paper to the twilight zone ? doodoo doodoo 
what is something that cannot lift off the ground ? your career 
why is the network engineer sad ? because his career is in bits . 
there should be a sequel song about needing a ride back from funkytown . 
which trees miss you the most ? pine trees 
timeouts just give children a quiet place to plot your murder . 
santa has elves . america has china . 
odd numbers i can't even ... 
why would peter pan make a terrible pilot because he'd neverland . 
i wish i had a more acidic wit unfortunately mine's very basic . 
is fapping while high hijacking ? or is it weed whacking ? 
as hillbillies age , they're called hillwilliams . 
when a pterodactyl urinates , no one hears it . silent p 
i like to observe people in lines . i'm in wait watchers . 
what does a stoner do to work out ? kush ups 
if attacked by a pack of clowns ... . go for the juggler . 
why do cannibals hate pentecostals ? because they're always throwing up their hands . 
the stock market monitors chuck norris . 
they say you are what you eat i guess that makes me a human 
what did victoria say to the tailor ? i'm a taylor too . 
whats the hardest part of watching an orphanage burn ? not getting hard . 
can strawberry jam ? no , but lemon curd . 
what are a corporation's favourite letters ? capital i's 
why hasn't any lawyer ever been bitten by a shark ? professional courtesy . 
how is sandusky like a tortoise ? he gets there before the hair ... 
what's the feminine name for the internet highway ? e - lane 
floyd mayweather is unbeaten can't say the same about the women in his life 
i'm insensitive i don't get the sense of words . 
what do you call an irishman sitting in your backyard ? paddy o'fu rniture 
do you know why russians always rush b ? because they already russia . 
i don't like being told what to do unless i'm naked . 
how do you call a jamaican mountain ? high ground 
did you hear about the cannibal that only ate beans ? human beans . 
what do you call a waterfall that's all dried up ? a waterfell . 
why did microsoft skip windows 9 ? because seven eight nine ! 
inside jokes deleted 
nobody is saving anything on car insurance . we're all being ripped off . 
do steam rollers really roll steam ? 
why does an ethiopian baby cry ? he's having a midlife crisis . 
cnn news " tree falls on bank " does anyone know what branch ? 
how do you feel when there's no coffee ? depresso . 
ever hear about the lost vikings ? ask the seahawks . 
what's trumps favorite movie ? wall - e 
why are condoms transparent ? 
what are you doing tonight ? your wife . 
it's not real love unless you leave your phone in plain sight overnight . 
a new study finds that sausages are often linked to other sausages 
doctor doctor i think i'm an electric eel that's shocking ! 
nsfw i'm trying this new thing where i don't beat off it's hard 
why don't witches wear underpants ? to get a better grip on the broom 
comic sans divorce papers 
i bet women love the first dimension ... it's allllllllllllllll length . 
why are mens bathrooms usually to the left ? because women are right . 
what kind of nut does spock hate the most ? pekhan 
i'm a chick magnet i repel . 
what happens when redditors die ? rip in box 
how does nasa prepare for an organized event ? they planet ! 
what's tom brady's favorite sport ? softball . 
recycler's remorse crushing coca cola cans is soda pressing . 
thanks to twitter , rock bottom now has a waiting list . 
justin bieber's birth certificate ... was an apology letter from the condom factory . 
what's an african's least favorite appetizer ? e - bola soup 
where do computer scientists go to have a drink ? to the foobar . 
your mama so hairy ... ... the only soap she buys is shampoo . 
the u . k . has no money sorry for poor english 
you have no idea how funny i am to me . 
nancy reagan didn't have to die ... but she said no to drugs . 
to the man who just got naked in public i admire your balls 
why is i such a controlling letter ? because i said so . 
twitter , because i owe people on facebook money . 
don't settle for shampoo ! demand real poo ! 
behind every successful student , there is a deactivated facebook account . 
y don't women grow beards ? coz it's in there jeans d 
which presidential candidate is the most likely to cause cancer ? ben carsonogen 
my neighbor named his dog " rolex " ... he's a watch dog . 
whats a frogs favourite website ? ? reddit 
what kind of pickles does miley cyrus like in her relish ? twerkins 
what's something a third wave feminist can't take ? a joke . 
what would you call an additional day added to the week ? sumday 
are you gonna eat that ... or just take pictures ? 
you're 35 weeks pregnant and gonna make me do math ? 
what do you call a newborn with 3 arms ? not mine 
request jokes about tall people ? 
what does an ethiopian eat for breakfast ? sand . 
where do you see yourself in 10 years ? in a mirror . 
" good artists copy . great artists steal . " - me 
the opposite of a nightmare is a morningstallion . 
girl , you got more legs than a bucket of chicken ! 
moses was computer savvy . . . . he had two tablets ! 
why do you call these girls broads ? cause i don't wanna be specific 
what's china's national colour ? censo - red . 
how do you call a cross - dressing father of two ? transparent 
christian singles sounds like a kraft product . 
why does peter parker main spy in tf2 ? because spy da man ! 
how do elves spell ? with an elfabet . 
why does bruce willis always play the bald guy ? 
if obama was in mortal kombat ... he'd be called " baraka obama " 
i try not to beat live horses , either 
" i probably shouldn't have said that out loud " - a biography 
guess who i bumped into today at the opticians ? everyone . 
i'll eat when i'm dead - zombies 
how do locomotives know where they're going ? lots of training . 
why do they make raisin bran commercials ? for raisin bran awareness . 
what color do you think eddie smurphy was ? blue , you racists 
* pours a bucket of water into the ocean * you're free now 
rhonda is my type of woman ... she finishes before i do ! 
yo mama so ugly she got beat up by her imaginary friends 
what never gets old ? a miscarriage . 
are you guys ok ? i haven't heard from you all year . 
they're not called grammar nazis anymore . they're the alt - write . 
i like to think of myself as the martha stewart of slobs . 
a man walks into a bar ... and is disqualified from the limbo tournament 
please leave a message after the entire teenage mutant ninja turtles ii soundtrack . 
i jumped into the pool with my iphone ... . it's syncing now 
what do you call an elephant that doesn't matter ? ... irrelephant . 
1 year ago today , the world ended . rip everyone . 
remember , everyone seems normal until you get to know them ... 
im trying the new vodka diet ... lose 3 days every week 
what is the best way to manage a full inbox ? hillary clinton 
what's the code name for a nitrogen molecule ? double 07 . 
what did naruto say at his mentor'a funeral ? bereave it . 
you know collin kapernik ? can't stand that guy ... ... ... 
why should you never buy russian jeans ? chernobyl fallout 
why are cats bad storytellers ? because they only have one * tale * 
i was feeling under the weather ... so i got on a plane . 
why is 6 afraid of 7 ? 7 ate 9 . 
a terrible name for an r b group would be boyz iv men . 
how many filipinos can you fit on a jeepney ? one more . 
how did hitler rise to power ? he didn't everyone else just fell . 
why did king kong join the army ? to learn about gorilla warfare . 
islamic settlers of catan everytime you get a sheep you also get wood 
beautiful people are not always good , but good people are always beautiful . 
indians are better with computers because they are the 1's who invented 0's 
your mom's like a shipping warehouse . " deliveries in the rear . " 
i like cheese just like cheese man 
i dont downvote it's bad karma . 
what's a mailmans favorite organ ? da liver 
i just bought a new weed whacker . it's cutting - hedge technology . 
why couldn't i have been born rich instead of so ridiculously witty ? 
what's the only bank franchise that doesn't have atms ? sperm banks . 
what do you call an arrogant prisoner walking down the stairs ? condescending . 
owls are like scary mr . potato heads that fly . 
what do you do if an elephant comes through your window ? start swimming 
q : what can save a dying blonde ? a : hair transplants . 
god created women and the devil taught her to smile . 
brian williams and bill o're illy walk into a bar or do they ? 
never date a theater person ... ... wayyy too much drama ... 
hey pigs stop trying to swallow entire apples you keep dying 
how do you find blind man on a nudist beach ? it's not hard 
if you were a pole i would dance all over you . 
i'm good at 3 things : counting and ironic jokes and punchlines . 
to all future canadian inmigrants : mexico welcomes you ! 
i once bought shoes in china that said " made around the corner " 
where did susie go when her town got bombed ? everywhere . 
german sausages , eh ? they're the wurst ! 
cops think i am worth the chase ... apparently . 
don't worry , everyone else is as confused as you , i swear . 
when do astronauts eat ? launch time 
terrify your parents by answering your cellphone . 
arsenal did the mannequin challenge for 89minutes at old trafford and still drew . 
time travelers never have a good excuse for being late . 
liverpool football club 
how do you see countries neighboring russia ? ukraine your neck . 
what is the male cover band of the cranberries called ? boysenberries 
duct tape won't fix stupid . but it will gag the sound . 
what's 11q minus 1q ? you're welcome . 
my wife still hasn't told me what my new year's resolutions are . 
why couldn't mewtwo move ? there was too much friction . 
i'm not a womanizer ! they were all women when i found them ! 
what do they call a monastery key that opens all doors ? monk key 
how did hitler lose weight quickly ? juice cleanse . 
did you know jesus had a ford that's why he walked everywhere 
i can't stop telling people how modest i am . 
old zombies never die ... they just rot away . 
i live off my music and the pain it inflicts on others . 
we shouldn't be donating money to doctors without borders we should donate borders instead 
7am : * starts diet * 7pm : * eats the house * 
what's rick ross's favorite nursery rhyme ? ring around the rooooozaaay . 
objects on twitter may appear funnier than they are . 
dear middle finger , thanks for always sticking up for me . 
your face on facebook and twitter : . in real life : 
why are baseball players so cool ? they always have their fans around . 
why do elephants drink so much ? to try to forget ! 
dark humor is like food ... some people don't get it . 
i stopped fighting my inner demons we're totes bffs now . 
i love people . however , most of them are fictional characters . 
i don't think any political ideology is inherently wrong some are just alternative right 
what kind of bar do fish go to ? a sand bar . 
i've deleted enough tweets to know that i should never get a tattoo . 
breaking news : germany defeats argentina ... france surrenders . 
what do you call somebody who hates shoes from asia ? a lacist . 
what do fish think about air ? it's un - b - reathable ! 
jesus take the wheel carlos you take the stereo i'll take lookout 
why doesn't marty mcfly drink wine ? too many tannens . 
why are pirates so mean ? they just arrrrrrrrrrr ! ! ! 
if jason bateman was a jedi ... i would call him master bateman . 
my wife sure is picky for someone who married me . 
i just finished my exam on communism i really hope i get good marx 
if i was a sick professor giving a lecture ... ibuprofen 
you and me grand unification 
what is a christians favorite insect ? the praying mantis 
you're riding the crest of a slump ? 
why did the dog eat the salad ? for ruffage . 
its ironic ... . ... that you lot just don't get irony . 
for girls who are trying to tan ... i'll teach you how to sin 
fox news is a mecca for people who hate mecca . 
the pillsbury dough boy he is a great roll model . 
next month on the 13th , the date will be 13 13 13 . 
i'm actually pretty attractive if you never compare me to anyone ever 
this joke is may be too vulgar for reddit ... nsfw removed 
aww , c'mo n ! let me crack your baby's knuckles . 
i flunked out of clown college due to taking it too seriously . 
i like girls who don't study . because they want the d . 
dad , my laptop's frozen . have you tried warming it up ? 
life doesn't matter . life is matter . 
doctor : tell me everything you told the nurse 5 minutes ago . 
sold my wife on ebay . dreading the buyer feedback . 
what do you find in a rythmic bakery ? a - bun - dance 
if i have learned anything in life it's don't throw away your fat clothes 
" it takes 2 to tangle . " - ipod ear buds . 
why are planes strong ? because they can lift 
kicks in your door to apologize to you 
twitter : the addiction that talks back . 
what's a neckbeard's favourite curry ? chicken tikka m'sa la 
my kids never finish their dinner because they're saving room for bath water . 
i just saw an onion ring . so i answered it . 
what is a chronic masturbator's favorite dish ? meat stroganoff 
three people killed at colorado abortion clinic sounds like a slow day to me 
why is north korea so evil ? because it's got no seoul ! 
my thoughts on the recent events by the reddit staff removed 
what does a mermaid stoner smoke ? seaweed . 
why do rednecks love cheeseburgers ? because they are in bread . 
jehovah's witnesses tell the worst knock , knock jokes . 
if you're having second thoughts , you're two ahead of most people . 
what's a moo hoo for a young calf ? a new moo ! 
secretly killing birds and making it look like a suicide - windexter . 
" i don't like the taste of water " - first world problem 
i wrote a book it's called oceans 2 : the seaquel 
have you heard about the world's largest broom ? it's sweeping the nation ! 
women with horses are rich versions of cat ladies . 
where does a river keep it's money ? at the bank . 
unfortunately i lost my korean friend the other day . so yung . 
brussels : 3 year old kidnapped slept for two hours 
what did the oxen say to his son moving out ? bison 
not now , inspirational quotes on my cough drop wrapper . 
a pelican just flew away with my sandwich . rigged ! the media ! 
i am waiting for the day we have a national scandal involving a gate 
they used to call them jumpolines ... until your mom used one . 
oscar pistorius he hasn't got a leg to stand on 
here , take my hand . now slap yourself with it . 
why does helen keller have trouble driving she's dead . 
why was the sea snail sad ? because it was abalonely 
finally loses virginity . 3 more years left in prison . 
i got a joke about u spez removed 
hey baby do you build portable wienerschnitzels ? because you make my hotdog stand 
it's been legalized ! seattle and denver will be sharing a super bowl ! 
the 5 signs of laziness 1 . 
two trained soldiers were in a tank ... they both drowned . 
i know who tweeted that ! - me when reading ecards on facebook 
mos def i always thought that mos def had the most deft hands 
one day i'll cure blindness . you'll see ! you'll all see ! 
c , eb , and g walk into a " bar " . 
what do you call alcohol distilled by the avengers enemies ? hydra - gin 
what's a cow's favorite moosical note ? beef - flat ! 
* morgan freeman time travels back to 1810 * morgan slaveman 
* godzilla screeching in pain as he accidentally steps on legoland * 
hand a baby a fork and he looks like a young poseidon . 
i started dating a psychiatrist . now i'm afraid of commitment . 
probably the slowest way to die is sloth with a knife . 
tronald dump ? 
did you know you can catch a bullet ... but only once 
remember how white people rioted after oj simpson's acquittal ? me neither . 
last night i dreamt i was a muffler ... it was exhausting . 
what's spongebob's worst personality trait ? he's way too self - absorbent 
what is the worst part of eating vegetables ? the wheelchairs . 
yes , you're drawing your eyebrows too high . don't look so surprised . 
what do buccaneers let off on bonfire night ? piratechnics ! 
why are orphans terrible baseball players ? they don't know where home is . 
senate : red house : red supreme court : red president : orange 
how to get out of any jam . switch to jelly . 
what's jared from subway's favorite chord ? a flat minor 
why cant schizophrenics be alcoholics ? because they never drink alone . 
someone check the bulletin board ... i think it's been shot ! 
i've even started lying about my age on the treadmill at the gym . 
i lost 50 pounds once sadly i was in england at the time . 
i'm anti - choice . i think every woman should have an abortion . 
what does idk stand for ? literally everyone i ask doesn't know . 
a fish angrily clutches an umbrella , furious he's still getting wet 
hillary's so crooked ... she needs a kaine for support . 
my chemistry blew up oxidants happen ... . 
plastic surgeon did you hear about the plastic surgeon who hung himself ? 
what was the name of the mongolian warlord's favorite cow ? angus khan 
god must love stupid people . he made so many . 
why didn't the cashier laugh at my joke ? it didn't make cents 
an immature kid decides to play ding dong ditch 
how do churches stay so strong ? they pray on the weak . 
where do pirates go after they are thrown out of kansas ? arkansas 
one isn't a real number , real numbers have curves . 
why adele crossed the road ? to say hello from the other side 
a flock of dads is called a grill . 
what's a prison executioners favorite beer ? shock - top 
words can't describe how beautiful you are ... but numbers can . 2 10 
how do you say genius sarcastically ? apple genius . 
most of my jokes sound funnier in my head like this one 
which war was the hungriest ? viet - nom . 
reddit's " letterbox " is sorta like a ... wordbank . 
what's beef jerky ? dried parts of a cow that had parkinson's . 
i want a lady in the streets and a billion dollars 
my wife is like a drug to me she ruined my life . 
did you hear about the dwarf who failed ? he came up short 
the lost bet by henrietta hart 
social media for drug dealers it's called instagram 
it's not a real relationship until you secretly start to hate each other . 
how many goals did germany score ? a brazillian 
what tea do hockey players drink ? penaltea ! 
does chewbacca use body wash or just shampoo and conditioner ? 
why is reddit so liberal ? because upvotes are to the left 
why was a missile looking for a job ? because it got fired ! 
mini m m's - for when you just can't finish an entire m m 
i get it ladies , i had abs before i had kids too . 
ill never try suicide again ! last time i almost killed myself 
beer makes you smart . it made bud wiser . 
what do you call an eskimo peeping tom ? tukaluk 
how to cure affluenza ? introduce him to warhammer . 
wait till the hamburglar finds out about money 
saw justinbieber on a piece of toast . am i going to hell ? 
what can turn a fruit into a vegetable ? aids . 
ted , the bus driver got pulled over . . he was busted . 
whats's glenn's favourite restaurant ? popeyes 
and i'll have the kkk omelet all whites . 
dear airlines , we never really turn the phones off . signed , everyone 
why do flower beds have mulch ? so you can't see their underplants . 
seen it all , done it all , can't remember most of it . 
age is just the number of hours i'm hungover for . 
what is a stuttering ballerinas favourite day of the week tu - tu tuesday 
math is like another language 2n 2n is 4n to me 
i am no joker but i know who he is . 
why did the golfer wear two pants ? he got a hole in one 
what is adblock ? 
how do you juice an orange ? play with its citorus 
reading the cheesecake factory menu . don't tell me how it ends ! 
listening to dubstep . wait nope just my cat tumbling in the dryer . 
sudoku ... it's a numbers game . 
just bought a tupac of eminems for 50 cents it was ludacris ! 
how can i face the problem ? when my problem is my face ! 
what is a ghosts favourite job ? tax inspectre 
what's the object - oriented way to become wealthy ? inheritance . 
what language do bill boards use ? sign language . 
indian man's pick up line once you go brown you never turn around ... 
a planet died today i read about it in the orbituaries . 
what's the most cleanest animal on the planet ? a hygiena . 
april showers bring may flowers . . and mayflowers bring smallpox . 
things that kinda rhyme ... very hungry caterpillar scary money counterfeiter 
i just joined alcoholics anonymous i still drink , just use a different name 
if you watch an apple store get robbed ... are you an iwitness ? 
i don't hate you , i'm just not necessarily excited about your existence . 
scientists just discovered a contraceptive better than a condom it's called your face 
why did the old man throw the matress out the window ? dementia 
pendanticness test look in the comment section for your results . 
narcissism it's in your best self interest . 
facebook has become the girlfriend you no longer like but are scared to dump 
there are three kinds of people people who count and people who don't . 
best joke ever ! the dallas cowboys . 
what do the janitors clean the reddit office with ? derpentine . 
" you've got a friend in me . " - cannibals , probably 
excuse me , but i feel like your eyebrows owe me an apology . 
what do you call it when someone steals an idea r jokes 
what do you call justin bieber's singing ? canada dry . 
no need to drive me crazy . i can walk from here . 
give me your best jokes regarding or featuring animals . for science . 
what political ideology does hades consider himself to be apart of ? plutocracy 
great . my wife is on her exclamation mark . 
so r the_donald ... that's it , what a joke . 
so three hahnium atoms walk into a bar , ha ha ha 
i put suicide notes next to roadkill so their animal families have some closure 
what is an alcoholic's favorite book ? tequila mockingbird 
but ghostbusters never gave us their number . 
so a clown gets eaten by a shark ... 
another gorgeous fall morning i wish i was sleeping through . 
how did jesus pay for our sins ? pray - pal 
i'll act my age when i'm 69 lol 
q : how does a blonde hemophiliac treat herself ? a : acupuncture . 
my sinuses are under so much pressure vanilla ice just ripped them off . 
capri sun taught me how to stab with accuracy . 
reddit gold 
what's a dinosaur's favourite poetic meter ? ptero - dactyls 
my arm tried killing me last night i told him " nice tri " 
what is a jawa's favorite vegetable ? zucchini 
why doesn't michael jackson play chess ? because he's dead . 
dreamers dream . livers detoxify . 
why is the letter e lazy ? because it's always in bed . 
ghosts wear sheets because nobody's scared of sleeping bags . 
the government forcibly took over marshallmathers . com they cited eminem domain 
what idiot named it mail order bride instead of male order bride ? 
if i squint really hard , nope . you're still an idiot . 
i have exponential spelling but terrible malapropism 
i feel like the average weatherman is just meteor - ocre . 
we saw the german chancellor fall down the stairs ! aua ! 
catching criminals by hans upp 
just a quick plug for the r antiantijokes subreddit it's absurd 
cheez - its are hands down the best cheese flavored pronouns . 
how do you make aquaman cool ? put him in water ! 
what's the worlds strongest animal ? a buff'al o 
when sting retires will he change his name to stung ? 
why are bodybuilders great pallbearers ? they're fantastic dead lifters 
what does the ghost of al pacino say ? boo - ah ! 
an apple a day will keep anyone away if you throw it hard enough 
it's 2012 and we still don't serve all food in a bread bowl . 
i didn't safely eject my flash drive and now my dog is dead 
what does the calm zombie say to the agitated zombie ? decompose yourself . 
studys show that 76 . 5 of statistics are made up . 
man is incomplete until he's married . then he's finished . 
why is hay so unreliable ? it keeps baleing 
i've been in chemistry lectures all day ... i'm absolutely bohred to death ! 
me : i think you might have schizophrenia me : no i don't 
what do you call the easter bunny with fleas ? bugs bunny 
what is the difference between detroit and cleveland ? 5 years . 
90 of owning a dog is telling it to stop barking . 
i'm a man trapped outside a woman's body . 
john snow really knows the way to a guy's heart . 
obesity doesn't run in your family ... no one runs in your family ... 
what did data find in picard's gym sock ? the next generation 
this joke tops everything . this joke everything . 
i just ate two french eggs ... i think one is un oeuf 
what is bill clinton's favorite instrument ? the whore - monica 
would you like to hear a helen keller joke ? so would she . 
there was a kidnapping at my school he woke up . 
when you choke a smurf , what color does it turn ? 
tifu by getting inside someone else's underwater vessel whoops , wrong sub 
" nope , it needs more vowels " - hawaiians 
wanna hear a good abortion joke ? uhhh ... nevermind . . 
dad : you're adapted . screenplay : what ? ! 
what did the programmer call his ship ? sea 
what are cats favorite internet service provider ? comcat . 
did you fall out of heaven ? because you look like it hurts . 
shout out to my sweatpants for loving me through thick and thicker . 
" weight watchers " because " obesity observers " was too cerebral . 
when life gives you lemons , be thankful it didn't give you cancer 
even paranoids have enemies . 
what's the closest synonym to a love boat ? a relation - ship . 
why did trump go to space ? because hot air rises 
who placed 3rd for basketball in the 2016 olympics ? lebronze james 
who clicks on ads ? i do to report them . 
what do you call a goat that likes cheese with their pasta ? maaaac 
i love people i can get weird with . 
what would jesus do ? get nailed to a cross and bleed out . 
wanna read a really dirty joke ? a white horse fell in the mud 
chuck norris can start a fire by rubbing two ice cubes together . 
why can't pirates spell the alfhabet ? rrrrrrrrrrrrrgh 
we're all going to diet after the holidays . 
why do warriors make bad business men ? they charge too much ! 
everybody needs a bosom for a pillow mines made of mammary foam 
they should put ads on slow people . 
my plan is simple . drink vodka until i start speaking russian . 
masturbation is great . - i know that from first hand experience . 
who robbed lochte at the olympics ? phelps . 
what is reddits least favorite dish ? kung pao chicken 
why were ancient egyptian children confused ? because their daddies were mummies . 
fajita poop , fajita poop ! how dreadful are thy splashes ! 
what do you call a non - violent venereal disease ? ghandi - rhea 
two prime numbers stayed married for life . they couldn't be divided 
what do you call a dinosaur having brunch ? tea - rex 
what do you call a gang made up of cookies ? oatmeal raisin hell 
there once was ... there once was a woman with dementia and she 
" haha nice " i would rather be dead than continue this conversation 
what did the physicist have for lunch ? fission chips . 
how does software eat it's food ? by taking large bytes ! 
jokes written by kids http : imgur . com gallery hyqna 
if i got 1 for everytime a girl called me unattractive i'd be attractive 
yo mama is so fat nasa wants to add her to the solar system 
whats super mario's favorite website ? yahoo ! 
a man with no nose applies to be a professional flatulence detector . 
stop animal testing ... they don't know the answers . 
you know what would be better than trump 2016 ? kony 2016 . 
why are jack - o - lanterns inbred ? because they pump - kin 
what is true and false at the same time ? this 
wanna hear a joke ? the creativity of this sub - reddit . 
hillary clinton logs onto her email server deleted 
your itunes is working just fine . would you like to update it ? 
every day two million americans play tennis and one million of them lose . 
i just sold all my john lennon memorabilia on ebay imagine all the paypal 
women on their period always ovary act . * insert pun here * 
listen up all you calendar owners your days are numbered 
my wife made a good point yesterday . 
using zero - ply toilet paper , aka the cardboard tube 
overheard : " why is this guy listening to our conversation ? " 
how does every racist joke begin ? by glancing around the room . 
did you see the clown that hides from morons ? 
if you think about it , malls are really just bazaar . 
how do you unlock a door made of dough with a cookey 
edits wikipedia so the facts i made up for my school paper work 
hating people takes too much energy . i just pretend they're dead . 
what was hitler's favorite food ? steamed franks 
damn girl are you today's date ? cause you're a 10 10 
powdered sugar , the cocaine of popos ! 
i need some cat jokes ! 
what's a hipster's biggest problem ? you probably haven't heard it . 
dad's last words " why hello , serious , my name's ... " 
what has 2 legs and bleeds profusely ? half a cat 
it's 2013 and food can still make you fat get it together science . 
whats the difference between taylor swift and adele ? about fifty pounds 
why did the alcoholic comedian quit performing ? he couldn't handle the boos . 
doesn't expecting the unexpected make the unexpected become the expected ? 
yo mama's o fat she supplies 99 of british gas . 
i kicked my rear - view mirror addiction ... i'm never looking back . 
i prefer my babies * shaken , not heard * 
italian wwii tank for sale it has 5 speeds 4 are reverse . 
relationship status : fell out of bed while reaching for a donut 
planters will be distributing exclusively to airlines . that's just plane nuts . 
my jokes are still in alpha . hopefully soon they'll get beta . 
god has cursed me with thoughts that come in 147 characters . 
this one trick will make you feel young again . made you look . 
what's a neckbeard's favorite pie ? lemon m'ri ngue pie 
islamophobia is a lot like acrophobia ... understandable to an extent . 
what's long and hard and screws people ? an exam . 
what instrument did bill clinton play ? that whore monica . 
what is the dothraki horde's favourite cheese ? khaloumi . 
after monday and tuesday even the calendar says w t f . 
you know you just can't tell penguin jokes . they just don't fly 
what was justin timberlake called when he was a kid ? justin timberpuddle ! 
if you use the iphone 6 upside down , boom , iphone 9 . 
i'm running a 3k to raise awareness for the klan ! 
what is romeo and juliet's favorite fruit ? cantaloupe . 
why did hitler have a vitamin c deficiency ? he hated juice . 
where did the hamburger meet the cheeseburger ? at the meat ball . 
hung like einstein smart as a horse ... thanks dad . 
i have never met a farmer that isn't pro tractor 
my problem is that all food is comfort food 
venison ... is dear . 
what do you call pasta with ketchup ? spaghetto ba - dum tss . 
" hello kitty " should have been a brand of condoms ... 
it's ironic that so many nascar fans are afraid of other races . 
bad news about shortbread ! they're not making it any longer . 
i'm pretty gouda cheesy jokes and i bet you swiss i had another . 
why did michael jackson have such a private life ? he wasn't nosey . 
ukraine asks russia to leave ... russia replies , " crimea river . " 
i love how science fiction movies skip right to the fiction part . 
my ex's ex and my left hand are dating . 
today's a beautiful day ... after all , nothing beats mayweather . 
religion is like aids . keep it to yourself . 
do you need an ark ? i noah guy . 
i get carried away sometimes ... usually because i refuse to leave . 
what is a mathematician specializing in absolute numbers called ? a sith . 
money doesn't grow on trees unless you are a pot dealer 
what do dyslexic soldiers get after war ? pdts 
i used to indecisive , now i'm not so sure ... . . 
what kind of potato chips do dogs like best ? ruffles 
finally in toronto . winter olympics , here i come ! 
what is green and pecks on trees ? woody wood pickle ! 
how do you get a catholic nun pregnant ? dress her as a choirboy 
what does a fat ballerina wear ? a three - three 
after the presidential debate , they debate about the debate . mind blown 
what is a great game for unvaccinated children ? marco polio 
yes , i absolutely want to hear about your cat's medication . 
why did a surgeon go to prison ? his medical license was doctored . 
you're like a dream . not there when i wake up . 
what is bruce caitlyn jenner's latest award ? tripod of the year . 
why can't dinosaurs clap their hands ? because they're dead . 
the next iphone i'm sure the next iphone will be a big 6s . 
so you have better sunblock than me ... rub it in 
the longest joke ever ! my life 
what's the soft stuff between sharks teeth ? slow swimmers 
what do cows like to put on their hot dogs ? moostard 
how do you scare a man sneak up behind him and start throwing rice 
i hate to rub it in , but lotion doesn't really work otherwise . 
what's mr . t's favorite band ? the foo fighters 
when life hands you alligators , make gator aid . 
bert asked ernie if he wants ice cream " sure , bert " 
go home north korea , you're drunk . 
yo momma is so unfamiliar with the gym ... ... she calls it james 
margaret sanger . 
mormon election game : every time romney becomes president , drink . 
who do you call when your wheelchair gets a flat ? cripple a . 
what is the pirate's favourite letter ? c 
meatloaf will do anything for love , but he won't lose weight . 
let's pause this conversation until your transition lenses catch up . 
the weirder rihanna's tattoos get the less i blame chris brown . 
what type of mmo's does the taliban play ? rpg's 
a lawyer i know is a big fan of u2 he's pro bono . 
why run from kids ? when you could eat them 
never heard this joke before ... neither will you 
what is a downies favourite song ? hot potato . hot potato . 
two aerials get married ... . . the reception was amazing . 
why do petri dishes make good conversationalists ? they're cultured . 
what do you call four drowning spanish teachers ? cuatro sinko . 
my neck , my back . my pizza and my snacks . 
what has 90 balls and screws old women ? bingo ! 
whats saudi arabia's highest rated sitcom ? how i bought your mother 
there's an old irish saying : " i'm irish . " 
what advice did the frog give to the condom manufacturer ? rib it . 
dude is texting with a flip phone , just like george washington did 
why do french people love eating snails ? because they hate fast food 
how did the escape artist annoy r jokes ? 
you know what i hate about reddit ? removed 
i lost my mood ring . i'm unsure how i feel about it . 
what's a shark's favorite illegal substance ? reefer 
how swift is kanye ? about as west as taylor 
robin williams died like he lived depressed . 
i've got a " bun " baby in the " oven " oven ! 
ever wonder if you killed that one really important brain cell ? 
good looks are a bonus , humour is a must . 
did you hear about the terrorist comedian ? he bombed on stage . 
what do you call two doctors with colds ? an ironic paradox . 
what's trumps favourite super market ? walmart . 
what kind of fun do priests have ? nun 
what's the hardest kind of waffle to find ? a carmen sandy eggo 
monday mornings shouldn't start until noon . 
let's bring back the word hootenanny 
i hate adjectives because they're terrible ! _ _ 
how does jackie chan karate chop things over there ? aya ! ! 
if there's one thing everybody can agree on , no there isn't . 
how does a baritone make phone calls ? song distance ! 
why the musician sold his computer ... not enough gigs . 
what was the precursor to usb ? usa 
chuck norris's daughter lost her virginity , he got it back 
what did the mathematician wear in the beauty contest ? 
bill cosby and steve harvey walk into a bar ... complete the damn thing 
what makes cheerleaders nervous ? being late 
what do a veterinary clinic and kpop fans have in common ? euthanasia 
how did the depressed man get around town ? moped 
what animal can only survive in temperate climates ? a lukeworm . 
the fabric of our lives ? why so epic , cotton ? 
me : tall , dark , toilet - trained . you : pizza . 
if you were a triangle youd be acute one . 
what happened to windows 9 windows 7 " eight " nine ... 
nintendo or nintendont there is no nintendtry 
the italian faucet ... . when it drips it goes wopwopwopwopwopwopwopwop . 
how many apples grow on trees ? all of them . . 
they say god dosn't give people things they can't handle . except cancer . 
the word you're trying to think of is " patronizing " . 
a man posts a joke on reddit it is not a repost . 
dr . frankenstein : the original body - builder ! 
online dates are like recipes ... they never look like the picture . 
what's the most common sleeping position of a man ? around . 
nobody who does marijuana says they " do marijuana . " 
alcohol and calculus don't mix ... ... never drink and derive . 
what did the grand child say to his drowning grandpa ? paddle pop ! 
the existence of groundhog implys the existence of skyhog , treehog , oceanhog 
what has three eyes , three hands , and three legs ? two pirates 
where do the cleverest parrots live ? in the brain tree forests ! 
give me your best chuck norris joke . 
which dance moves are the most sparkling ? congas ! 
why was the energizer bunny jailed ? on charges of battery . 
why is pharrell williams happy ? because he " got lucky " . 
if rain is god's tears what is snow ? 
chaos , panic , disorder - my work here is done . 
why was the astronaut cold ? he forgot to bring a space heater . 
a - what's up ? b londe - the ceiling ... 
i play the keyboard in a band called the internet ! 
why did the lone dolphin stop swimming ? he didn't see a porpoise ... 
... and on the eighth day , satan created teenagers . 
the nfl's refs 
what vehicle does hitler use to fly ? heil - acopter 
breaking ne ws 
how do you starve a neurosurgeon ? hide his paycheck with his kids . 
paddy and murphy walk into a bar ... hand in hand 
i broke my finger today but on the other hand i am completely fine 
how to begin a tifu post this wasn't today ... 
" thank you for coming . " " it was mandatory . " corporateshows 
women are like snow flakes . they can't drive . 
charm me with your intelligence or just wait till i'm really drunk . 
how does a viola greet a relative ? cello ! 
he asked what my favorite position was ... i said ceo 
who decides which weeds to kill in the garden ? weedicide . 
where does spaghetti go to dance ? the meatball . 
a poet once gave a pigeon helium , and invented high coo . 
how does jack frost get to work ? by icicles 
if satan ever loses his hair , there will be hell toupee . 
why is it called finding nemo ? been wondering for years 
where does kylie minogue get her kebabs ? jason's doner - van 
virgin will hate it when someone said ... you don't worth a pound . 
heres a good joke : women's rights . 
hoarding's great . collectively speaking . 
every fight is a food fight when you're a cannibal . 
where is victoria working now ? in the kitchen . 
describe yourself in three words . lazy . 
how does a wwe wrestler like his eggs ? raw 
oh , you have dignity ? well i have nachos . i win . 
how does megatron get away with raw - dogging it ? decepticondoms . 
what state makes exclusively swiss cheese ? swisconsin . 
you're never too old to learn something stupid . 
i like my tumors like i like my bingo numbers ... b9 
i'm beginning to think rappers exaggerate a lil . 
where does light go when it is convicted of a crime ? prism 
alzheimer's cop : do you know why i pulled you over ? 
why was the scandinavian atheist warm ? he had thor doubt . 
what's the most privileged fish ? a great white shark . 
i'm a kleptomaniac it's ok though , i'm taking something for it 
yo mamma so fat she sat on her ipod and made it an ipad 
john regrets getting a brain transplant . i guess he changed his mind . 
similes are like as holes . 
what kind of hair do oceans have ? ... wavy hair . 
what is the puerto rican national anthem ? row row row your boat 
tom has no legs who's that running ? not tom 
it's called karma , and it's pronounced " haha ! screw you ! " 
where is the best place to stream a suicide ? on google hangout . 
why are there so many body shops in heaven ? abortion . 
politicians only kiss babies because it might be theirs . 
i don't really know how to tell jokes 
why can't i trust my walmart calculator ? it's always 7 off . 
what do buddhist monks have for breakfast ? ommm lettes ! 
why don't lobsters like to share ? because they're " shellfish " 
why do people at disneyland hate coke heads ? they're always cutting lines 
i've had about 13 beers so i guess i'll give myself a haircut 
why did the computer overheat ? because windows wasn't open . 
my mute grandfather always said : 
if you were against pencils you would be ... erasist 
mountains ... they peaked years ago 
how do magicians retire ? they seem to just disappear . 
i'll never reveal my secrets . alcohol : lol . 
rain drop drop top ... . 1k upvotes and i'll sub to r clopclop 
a short fortune teller escaped from prison she's now a small medium at large 
what kind of dish does lebron like ? anything with curry in it . 
do not talk about molestation it's a touchy subject 
what did caesar say when playing battleship ? a2 brute . 
woody allen's version of his life will be his most brilliant fiction . 
people who back up into parking spots are worse than serial killers 
michael phelps just won another gold medal for taking the quickest bath . 
turquoise is the best colour . it's been cyantifically proven . 
have you heard my pizza joke ? never mind , it's too cheesy 
do you guys like presents ? here i am ! 
whats hitlers relationship status ... he's nazing anybody 
why doesn't reno jackson like torrenting ? because he's always fighting pirates xd 
what do you call people who immigrate to sweden ? artificial swedeners 
greek mythology is my achilles ankle . 
bacon twice a day keeps a size 34 waist away . 
what is mister miyagi's favorite drink ? jack daniels - san 
what is an electrician's favorite vehicle ? a voltswagen 
we found love in a swollen face chris brown ft . rihanna 
i like gila monsters because they're willing to admit they're monsters , unlike giraffes 
why was the wall in a store ? because it's wal - mart . 
which hotel chain was nikita khrushchev's favourite ? premier inn . 
what did you call beef that didn't make the cut a misteak 
what is the definition of robin ? a bird who steals ! 
scientists have found ... ... that people don't give a damn about apathy . 
whoever said the camera adds 10 pounds should stop eating cameras . 
there's nothing like being 4 or 5 deers beep . 
why do hamburgers make good baseball players ? they're great at the plate ! 
french bakers hate me ... ... i feel their pain . 
how many pretty girls are there at a monastery ? nun . 
to be a good dentist ... ... you must think laterally and incisively . 
what's the only type of music that the balloon dislikes ? pop . 
where do poor meatballs live ? the spaghetto . 
what's the most commonly misspelt blood group ? type - o 
what are caterpillars afraid of ? doggerpillars . 
" old macdonald had a farm . had . " - banks 
what's a grecian urn ? about 75 cents an hour . 
why did the psychic get fired ? because she didn't see it coming . 
my life : wake up , survive , sleep 
" that was mesmerizing ! " i know another big word ... huge . 
what do you call nazis undergoing decomposition ? necrotizing fascists . 
got into a fight with an egyptian . we were fez to fez . 
how is today monday ? it was friday only a few hours ago ... 
what fruit makes you confused ? papayas see , you're confused right ? 
truth about atheists . they've got nothing on jesus . 
i'm sick of pretending . i'm ready to tend ! 
i will be answering all questions with both middle fingers this morning . 
dial - up internet called . they couldnt get through . 
love is the irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired . 
my neighbor is a micro biologist . i've never seen him . 
when a pregnant woman swims she is literally a human submarine . 
if this phone were really smart , it wouldn't let me call people . 
i wanted to make an impromptu joke . but i wasn't ready . 
did you hear about russia's preservation new project ? the crimea river 
omg , i'm a huge fan ! - windmills 
science confirm that humans can ingest deadly poison or even molten lava . once 
what's the worst gear for america ? cruz control . 
does north korea remember what happened the last time a country attacked hawaii ? 
why did simba's dad die ? because he didn't muv - fasta 
god i hate mayweather it was like 90 degrees yesterday 
what are the cleverest bees ? spelling bees ! 
what do you call a lady pig planting seeds ? a sow sow . 
even if you were twice as smart , you'd still be stupid ! 
i used to work at a knife factory but then it got dull . 
how do you greet a british programmer named cathryn ? allo - cate 
why do they even bother having different brands of milk ? 
everyone says soda is bad for you ... but oj will kill you . 
need to call in a hot female carpenter to fix this morning wood . 
chuck norris does not get frostbite . chuck norris bites frost . 
some of your timelines are my morning paper . 
i was watching the super bowl and a hockey game broke out . 
next to a lie , a pun is the lowest form of creation . 
what were the odds that matt damon made it off mars ? astronomical 
how do you propose to a stoner ? marriage , you wanna ? 
what do you call people who worship paper bags ? sack religious 
" yol9 " - cats 
a clock wrote a book critics say its about time 
jesus has seen me naked and that's why he made me funny . 
2 irish queers michael fitzpatrick and patrick fitzmichael . 
oedipal arrangements ... just like your mom used to make . 
how did the alien tie his shoes ? with an astroknot . 
what is the capital of greece ? about 10 dollars . 
how does an ethiopian open a beer ? with his ribs 
what did the pencil say ? nevermind , it's pointless . 
what weapon is most feared by knights ? a can opener . 
how does a sloth hang itself ? by trying to jump rope . 
i'm having car trouble . i can't afford to put gas in it . 
copyright in india copyright means the right to copy . 
oscar pistorius should be banned from the olympics ... because he smoked reeva 
what do you call robin hood's mother ? mother hood . 
in lgbtq families ... we need more transparency . 
i'm more hampster than gangster according to autocorrect 
" meetings " what a jamaican calls everything he owns . 
what is the problem with high frequency ? it hertz 
what did the surrealist butcher name his shop ? salvador deli 
you have something big inside you . share it with the world : metamuciltm 
which similarities do bon jovi and geologists share ? they like rock . 
boss starts giggling uncontrollably during his presentation as i tickle a voodoo doll 
dear oral - b you forget the j 
did you see the guy at walmart hiding from ugly people ? 
what happened to the cannibal lion ? he had to swallow his pride ! 
what do canadian girls hate ? aboooooooooty call . 
what does a sailor use to clean his clothes ? tide 
where do hippos go to school ? the hippocampus ! 
how do you kill an african child ? wait 5 minutes . 
what's that eminem song where he's mad ? 
a redditor got a girlfriend 
how did the blonde burn her nose ? bobbing for french fries . 
why did jesus run off the airplane ? he didn't like the pilate 
what do you throw a drowning aboriginal ? his wife and kids 
how did hitler achieve 99 firemaking ? he burned yews . 
why did the butcher die ? because he chopped off the wrong sausage . 
a tv weatherman who keeps accidentally calling the anchorwoman mom 
what disease do neckbeard mosquitos give you ? m'la ria . 
what did indira gandhi hate worse than a bogey on a par four sikhs 
the magician got so mad he pulled his hare out . 
tifu . she was on top . 
johnny depp has announced that he has a mental issue he has deppression 
how do you call a person that speaks only one language ? an american 
santa is a dependent clause because 
apple is suing qualcomm for selling them overpriced chips . punchline ends . 
dear 70 year old man with the ponytail : stop it . 
if had a feminine side i would try and fcuk it . 
batman sure has a weird habit of purposely leaving his soft lips exposed . 
what is jesus favorite gun ? ... a nail gun ! 
what do you call bread so burnt it can never be ate ? comatoast 
when flying to prague ... ... all of your bags are czeched 
ninjas are like virgins ... . no one ever sees them coming 
364 days until halloween and people already have their decorations up . 
venus and serena are famous for being tennis - y williams 
taken 5 : has anyone seen my doggie ? 
i slept with a supermodel last night alternative facts . 
what paint is most popular in modern buildings ? microsoft paint 
what's a vampire's fetish ? neckrophilia 
i would tell you jokes about perfect girlfriends but you wouldn't get them 
there should be a " shame " setting on showerheads . 
what do you call an impatient skin infection ? * rash * 
what insect does a neckbeard keep as a pet ? m'la dybug 
what did the doctor give the asari with an std ? anti - biotics 
just imagine how good prescription cheese would be . 
how do you break a polacks finger ? punch him in the nose . 
98 of facebook is women telling each other how great they look . 
yesvember ! 
q : what does a horny toad say ? a : rubbit 
ky jelly for when your cousin just ain't feeling it . 
why did the chicken cross the road ? it got its head cut off 
dogs have non - traditional family structures ... because they have four pa's . 
tifu by ... getting needled by a dirty prick . 
though my heart is a fist , i really do my girlfriend 
* navigation voice * bear to the right * gets eaten by bear * 
what's the paradox of lingerie ? done right , it doesn't linger . 
plane crashed in graveyard police recovered 2000 bodies . 
addicted to pills ? don't worry . they have a pill for that . 
stop with the boxing jokes guys ... you're beating a mayweather's girlfriend here . 
according to math , i'm broke 
white jokes are not funny ... unless they target a specific nationality 
why are organ donations low ? because most people have pianos 
your chemistry with your girlfriend is great if you remember her periodic table . 
i'm at my most cardio when i am moving the treadmill into storage 
why did brazil lose the world cup ? weak back . 
can mississippi wear delaware's new jersey ? i don't know but alaska . 
making the least of life by minnie mumm 
why couldn't the pig run ? he pulled his hamstring ! 
ironically , i hate people who say " like us on facebook " . 
idea : an animated sitcom where the characters age and change clothes . 
if pigs really could fly i bet their wings would taste delicious . 
why was the harvester pleaded guilty ? cause he's a cereal killer . 
the new zealand military 
where would helen keller park her car ? on top of three children . 
the real winner in the mayweather pacquiao fight . ? the bookmakers 
what paper product speaks really quickly ? wrapping paper . 
i'll lean at a 45 degree angle if i'm so inclined . 
why did the atheist fail algebra ? he didn't believe in higher powers ! 
if anyone sees phillip ... ... tell him i have his screwdriver . 
i can't control my urge to pull tube tops down . 
when does a hunger strike stop ? when hunger strikes . 
wlkom i happyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy 
had scab soup today made it from scratch . 
wipes away your tears using three precise karate chops . 
every day can be friday if you're really irresponsible . 
" you're fired ! " said president trump to all of our nuclear rockets 
perfect relationships exist in thoughts , movies , and facebook timelines . 
i am drinker . hear me pour . 
everytime i check my facebook i remember why i'm on twitter . 
what are apricots ? where monkeys sleep . 
" i'll sleep when i'm bread . " - dough 
what car does hitler drive ? oc a fuhrerri . 
why do new irish mothers keep dying ? because they lack taters 
deer run too fast 
what do french athletes wear ? jaques straps 
what do you call children born into a whorehouse ? your kids 
what's a karate experts favourite beverage ? kar - a - tea ha 
if you love someone , let them sleep . 
breaking news : cheese factory explosion de brie everywhere . 
i want to tell a moses joke ... but i haven't chosen one . 
why couldn't the banana get a date ? it didn't have a peel . 
how do you know an r jokes mod is a cyberman ? deleted 
where do you hide cocaine in orphanage ? right under the children's noses 
" hello ? " " hi it's me " " oh hi me " 
grandma's funeral ft . pitbull 
why is drinking american beer like making love in a canoe ? 
plateaus ... ... are the highest form of flattery . 
what comes before the main violinist ? ... entree rieu 
man found dead midway through masturbating cause of death ? a stroke 
english words that pitbull knows : - party - miami 
the labels on prescription bottles are just suggestions , like speed limits . 
why should rihanna date the edmonton oilers ? because they don't beat anybody . 
perfection " practice makes perfect " " nobody's perfect " i'm so confused 
i don't always roll a joint , but when i do it's my ankle 
50 of canada is the letter a 
the thing about insomnia is 372 raised swirl patterns on the ceiling . 
shouldn't octopus apendages be called eightacles ? 
you guys wanna hear a construction joke ? i'm working on it . 
what does the weather do when hitler's around ? it heils . 
where'd i drop my waffle ? at the beach in san diego . 
wanna know what's making the head lines ? corduroy pillows that's what 
all my hostile pals are in hospitals . 
whats the funniest joke you know ? you . 
i'm now starting to think cnn took the plane . 
when i talk about computers i make my motherboard 
where do crabs take the train ? king's cross station : 
why did ranch break up with chicken wings ? because he blue cheese ... 
what comes after 69 ? mouthwash 
the barber of seville by aaron floor 
maybe you never should have domesticated your peeves . 
what's more inbred than english monarchs ? wheat . 
tifu was good , but the hole was too small . 
i should have been a psychic i hear they make a fortune . 
all pills are sleeping pills if you take enough of them . 
its gone viral bird flu - 45 million dead chickens and turkeys . 
what did silver say to gold ? " au ! " 
i am never going to procrastinate again ... starting next semester 
my wife and i were happy for 25 years then we met . 
what was dodi fayed's favorite state ? in diana 
a fun trick for remembering peoples names is to never interact with anyone . 
you have the face of a saint . which one ? saint bernard . 
pretty similar ... tea is the only difference between meh and meth . 
" nice " - first kangaroo to realise it had a pocket 
what's the best thing from new york city ? the train to boston 
what starts with p and ends in orn popcorn 
like most people my age ... i'm 27 . 
can you write off a divorce as a home improvement expense 
what nation is the most unjust ? discrimination 
when is iran not iran ? when it's a rock . 
the joys of horse - riding by jim kama 
what is green and glides down a mountain ? a skiwi 
it's uncomfortable when the neighbor's kids look like you . 
hmmm ... jack nicholson . he's that guy from the laker's games right ? 
perks of dating me : you will be the hot one 
just ran a . 3k ice cream truck wouldn't stop 
the gpa is not my son ... but i will raise it . 
what's green and can eat 50 hot dogs in a minute ? kobayoshi . 
does hitler have a favorite number ? hitler : nine . 
what's the definition of eternity 4 blondes at a 4 way stop 
the 1996 film " crack " was directed by whom ? francis snort cokealot 
i made a meme 
what becomes packed between periods ? school hallways 
hipsters never go white water rafting it's too main stream . 
what's a ghosts favourite christmas entertainment ? a phantomime ! 
i bet cats are pissed they can't sit on televisions anymore . 
my brain keeps singing songs i don't even like . 
i wish i was batman because my parents would be dead . 
anyone want a free car ? angry bee inside but otherwise , perfect . 
if anyone needs an ark , i noah guy . 
what's the worst vegetable to have on a boat ? a leek . 
what's the smallest instrument in the world ? an e - lectron . 
i tried to take on isis with a shotgun . iraq'd and then iran 
which country has the most crying people per km ? the soviet onion 
thanksgiving was like the last supper for the indians . 
old stupid joke http : www . digg . com 
my doctor told me to watch my drinking and so i bought some mirrors 
the minimum wage in canada is 9 compliments an hour 
the only reason i'm voting for hillary clinton george soros : 
first rule of botox club : nobody look surprised when someone new joins . 
i want a kiss cam at my funeral 
what do you call a big irish spider ? paddy long legs ! 
i have the best prison name mitochondria 
if your conspiracy theory doesn't involve cats , don't bother me . 
why can't t - rex's high five ? because they're all dead . 
going commando is the closest i'll ever get to joining the army . 
add an exclamation point to an email boom you're a morning person . 
plan ahead - it wasn't raining when noah built the ark . 
what do pink flamingos have on their front lawns ? plastic italians . 
you say illegal , i say added to my bucket list . 
what do you call an april fool's ! 
it's weird that gasoline smells good but tastes amazing 
michael jackson's last words " take me to the children's hospital . " 
why did the horse miss the joust ? he had the knight off ! 
the battery level on my phone pretty much dictates my life . 
jesus loves you ... ... with his whole mouth . 
what do you call mixing hard liquor into coffee ? getting ready for work 
in dog beers i've only had 2 . 
milk duds : when you want some candy but also crave a dislocated jaw 
sometimes i use big words i don't understand to make myself look more photosynthesis 
pokemon go should contact hillary clinton . i hear she has some servers 
what type of underwear does a fetus wear ? fruit of the womb . 
okay r jokes , what's your rawest most brutal joke ? 
required : a content developer . salary commensurate with contentment 
* takes kids for sushi before seeing " finding dory " * 
air amp space museum . shouldn't the air amp space museum be empty ? 
what did the autobots call optimus prime after he died ? posthumous prime 
i forgot rhianna's ex - boyfriend's name ... then it hit me . 
average people are mean . 
did you hear about the polish suicide bomber ? 42 successful missions 
what did the earthquake say to the tornado ? it's not my fault . 
how many people in brazil shave ? a brazilian . 
bon jovi published a diet book it's called " living on a pear " 
binoculars have to be the worst gift you can buy for a cyclops . 
smartphones are pacifiers for adults . 
what gets bigger each time i watch a stripper ? my debt . 
what's the common thing between mercedes and iphone 6 ? mercedes benz ... 
what's the easiest way to end a friendship ? just asking for a friend 
what do pickles do to make themselves look more beautiful they get vlasic surgery 
whatever , low battery indicator . you're not the boss of 
what's george washington's least favorite flower ? li e - lacs ! 
atoms are the biggest liars in the universe ... they make up everything . 
dark jokes are like malaysian airlines flights they're either hit or miss . 
baby monitors are magical when i turn it off my baby stops crying 
trying not to take my dog's sighing personally . 
don't drink while driving you will spill the beer . 
sorry i misunderstood byob , what should i do with this buffalo ? 
what is mary and joesph's favorite snack ? jeez - its 
existing is a pretty remarkable achievement . 
what did german kids get for christmas during th holocaust ? easy bake ovens 
best part about staying up late total absence of morning people . 
what rhymes with snoop ? dr dre 
what is a zombie's favorite restaurant ? subway : east flesh ! 
what's a cow's favorite form of entertainment ? the moovies 
i'd kill for a nobel peace prize ayy 
for backtothefutureday try and get your mom to hit on you . 
can putting ketchup on everything affect your credit score ? 
doctor doctor i've a split personality well you'd better both sit down then ! 
i'm a shy little pebble ... . i wish to be a little bolder 
ripped a plug out of the wall by the cord . yolo 
i'm not homeless , but a lot of homeless things happen to me . 
what is red and dangerous ? strawberry and tarantula jelly ! 
who likes debates defish 
how does a french woman hold her liquor ? by the ears . 
what do lawyers wear to court ? law suits . 
i came . i shaw . i shanked . 
today i was on crimea st it was flooded . 
what is a dentist's favorite time of the day ? 2 : 30 
humanstm they start off corded but convert to wireless easily 
why do pigs love halloween ? there's lots of hogsgobblin . 
now picture me using proper grammar wronger 
* chasing after a rooster * give me your cool hat 
why did the hen fall in the well ? she couldn't see that well 
what is green and sits crying in the corner ? the incredible sulk . 
we regret to inform you that you've hit rock bottom 
what was the last thing that went through jfk's head ? a bullet . 
what do piggys take when they are sick ? pigicillin ! 
speaking of lent some of you mofos owe me money 
how many people does it take to post a joke on r jokes one 
how do you get into a haunted house ? by using a spookey ! 
why does dr pepper come in a bottle ? because his wife died . 
why can't geometry teachers tell good jokes ? they go off on tangents . 
santa is like fathers ... he only comes when the kids are asleep 
if you're anxious and you know it ... clasp your hands . 
what do you call two ants that run away to get married ? antelopes 
all women really want is to be treated like you treat your iphone . 
a few redditors wake up in hell . a few less reposts . 
how many men escaped the destruction of sodom ? a lot . 
stop me if you've heard this already . - said no kid ever 
bobbing for apples is just waterboarding with fruit . 
as long as mcdonald's doesn't make us pay with excercise . 
exaggerations went up by a million percent last year . 
how do you find illuminati's secret hideout ? you triangulate their position ! 
due tomorrow , do tomorrow . 
what do you call a marijuana induced tragedy ? blunt trauma 
did you read dr seuss as a kid because green eggs and damn 
hi i am an nsa employee tell me anything . 
badly built roofs ... are exactly why i have truss issues 
tifu up is my horse 
where do cannibals get their vegetables from ? the coma ward . 
the new york giants . 
women belong in the house ... ... and the senate too 
why is jesus body bread ? because given enough time it rises 
me : * kicks a stone * mountain : my baby 
what do philosophical dolphins say ? what's the porpoise ? 
why do you hate a nosey pepper ? cuz he's jalapeno . business 
nice guys finish last . but thats because practice makes perfect . 
what did the salesman at footlocker say to the customer ? shoes wisely 
how did the italians lose wwii ? they ordered ziti instead of shells . 
what did coke call his daddy ? pop 
i have a rude joke about canadians ! sorry ? 
the characters from dragon ball z aren't that super just saiyan 
here's a post office joke nevermind , you'll probably never get it . 
my favorite outdoor activity is going back inside . 
getting my hopes up only to become even more disappointed dot edu 
what is the official cereal for the rio olympics ? cheer - rios 
what star wars character is most likely to get cancer ? leukemia skywalker . 
what is oscar pistorius's new favourite band ? bullets for my valentine 
happy teacher's day , wikipedia . 
first day as a mechanic me : i would say this car is haunted 
what do snakes use to build clocks ? metal gears 
what's an islamic extremist's favorite baseball team ? the new york jets 
hillary clinton is elected president . jk . 
my love for you is like diarrhea i just can't hold it in 
hey vegas , your slogan is bullsh ! t " prince harry 
giraffes were invented in 1780 when three horses accidentally swallowed a ladder 
the aluminati's plan ... was foiled once again . 
i just had ebola cereal . 
been watching television without eating . i feel like i'm working . 
it's thanksgiving , who doesn't like turkey ? russia 
friends and lovers may come and go but allergies are forever . 
why was the ocean always sad ? because the beach never waved back . 
chuck norris can touch mc hammer . 
what's the most popular game to play in jail ? smash brothers 
bound by notifications , we are the fellowship of the ding . 
where are most fish found ? between the head and the tail ! 
two blondes were walking on either side of the railway track jokes apart 
two bears walk into a bar no one survived . 
what do harry potter and kermit the frog have in common ? hogwarts ! 
partied so hard last night i spilled kool - aide on my cocaine punchline 
never take a cows job for granted : it's outstanding in its field . 
million dollar idea : nutella , but super healthy . 
naps are for old people . i was taking a horizontal life pause . 
i have a kinship with a racist pumpkin . i'm donald trumpkin . 
the biggest trick the devil ever pulled was making religion cool . 
why is the magnet on medication ? because it's bipolar 
if you have 99 problems ... ... you're a math textbook . 
why do they call me the fireman ? cause i turn on the hoes 
i save a lot of money on makeup by just being attractive . 
tifu by playing a joke on every redditor who clicked on this thread 
allergy alert : this tweet may contain peanuts . 
can't wait to start my new years resolution in 2018 ! 
where do you find monster snails ? on the end of monsters fingers . 
what did the left eyebrow told to the right eyebrow ? hi brow 
why are fried onions like a photocopy machine ? they keep repeating themselves . 
what do you call a hispanic man who spilled his nachos ? a messycan 
what do you call masturbating on a plane hi - jacking never forget 
i just spent my entire tax return on guacamole . 
canada is 50 " a " 
what's the award for being the world's best dentist ? a little plaque . 
what is a jamaican's favorite video game ? smoke - a - mon 
is good joke here waht du u call sisl ngiger 
game journalism thats the joke 
i was going to castrate myself but i didn't have the balls . 
spare ticket for dynamo next thursday they all shocked to looked 
where do intergalactic keyboards go to drink ? space bars 
did you here about the priest ? he broke his organ on a hymn 
make love to a woman's mind , and her body will follow in kind 
what does a nazi turkey say ? goebbels , goebbels , goebbels 
what do the irish say when they cheers their beer ? good mornin ! 
why cant clinton stand straight ? because she is crooked . 
i lost 189 lbs in one week . by getting a divorce . 
our wedding pic looks like my wife's selfie photo bombed by me . 
girls just wanna have funds . 
my love is blind : 
cauliflower is just broccoli ghosts . 
what does zeus wear under his tunic ? thunderwear ! 
mitt romney is walking through heaven when he runs into barrack obama 
chuck norris's body temperature is 98 . 6 degrees ... ... celsius . 
why did the doctor lose his job ? he lost his patience 
do they make a rosetta stone for women's moods yet ? 
what do you call a pony that sleeps around a whorse 
why is toblerone shaped like a triangle ? to fit in the box . 
baby , if you were a fruit you'd be a fineapple . 
do regular squirrels think flying squirrels are super heroes ? ? ! 
what is the lifespan of an owl ? 6 1 2 books . 
north korea right now . 
the iphone 6 plus sold very well . it was a huge 6s ! 
i pretend to work as long as they pretend to pay me . 
* puts couch down as emergency contact * 
why are crosses not in fashion ? they're too god - y 
what is a rednecks favorite pie during the holidays ? pump - kin 
how do blondes carpool ? they meet up a work 
for tentative people there's no place like " erm " . 
" i hate being half bicycle - half motorcycle " he moped 
ouija board grandma where is your cookie recipe 
i lost my to - do list i don't know what to do 
when is a rabbi dishonest ? july 
what is a pair of sheep's favorite instrument ? two - baaas . 
what does a 80 yr old woman taste like ? depends . 
what do you call 10 ethiopians tied together ? a raft 
in these hard times , it's crucial to stay as positive as charlie sheen 
whats in olivia newton's john ? gomer's pile 
what's yellow and smells like a zebra ? lion vomit . 
it is much easier to hula hoop with an erection . 
i cut myself shaving today ... because who has time to do both ? 
i made my wife dinner tonight she was great with bbq sauce 
if i was a dj ... i'd wanna be called jd dyslexic . 
236 luftballoons * * - adjusted for inflation 
what's another word for " religion " ? insurance scam 
... you are so stupid that you got hit by a parked car ! 
why can severus snape never become a gardener his lilies always die 
garcinia cambogia . 
alligators sewing little pictures of rich white people on their shirts . 
steelers defense , last night . 
how do rabbis make money ? they keep the tips . 
why was the tomato blushing ? it saw the salad dressing 
here's a bit of advice . advi 
what do you call a crew of handsome italian astronauts ? fine specimens . 
he who hesitates is boss . 
if pedicures were called toe jobs , men would get them , too . 
everyone should learn sign language it's very handy 
hi , welcome to necrophiliac club . who wants a cold one ? 
what do you call an overweight scott walker ? scott waddler 
why did marie antoinette travel the world ? where else would she beheaded ? 
what are your guys best cards against humanity answers ? 
dark humor never gets old . just like children in africa . 
what did the zune say to the ipod ? you da real mp3 . 
a catholic dies , and thinks he's gone to heaven . 
tifu by ordering the wrong sandwhich at subway ... whoops , wrong sub . 
want a rabbit joke ? hare you go . 
" people will believe anything if you whisper it . " 
teach a man to phish and he'll pretend he's a nigerian businessman . 
wouldst the genuine slim shady kindly arise ? 
one venti cheeseburger please . 
satellite radio . sirius tweet 
according to serving sizes tonight , i'm a family of 4 . 
what do you calls sushi in serbia ? nishikori 
what is a double amputee's favorite video game ? league of leg ends . 
the hard truth is like poetry ... ... most people hate hearing it . 
what did number 2 say to number 1 ? you're an odd fellow 
kermit and miss piggy never married . he has kermitment issues . 
you look like a before picture . 
i am going to be arrested today ! because i will be snowden ! 
which england player keeps up the fuel supply ? paul gas coin ! 
i have a life pro tip i never wear condoms 
if you love batman , let him go , because batman returns . 
what's the problem with tipped cows ? they can't moove 
what was aladdin called after he went vegan ? saladdin . 
what does acetone and hitler have in common ? they're both polish removers ! 
why do bees hum they don't know the words 
what do you call 4 and 25 cents ? foreign change 
mints i was eating mint chocolates and i felt sick after eight . 
what do you call a mutant with the power to get women pregnant impregneato 
where does a dog go when he loses his tail the dock . 
why are peter pan's jokes not funny ? because they neverland 
i told a chemistry joke once but there was no reaction 
someone told me canada had no territories ... i was having nunavut . 
are you a lawyer ? ... cause you're giving me the bar 
what was the butcher doing when he got caught ? beating his meat . 
what do whitney houston and antarctica have in common ? 100 chance of snow 
do you need space ? join nasa ! 
why are housing prices in toronto falling ? because the market got flooded . 
what's an arab man that drives a bus an otto - man 
how do you catch a digital fish online 
you are depriving some poor village of its idiot . 
how would you describe the average bully ? mean . 
i know a great knock knock joke go ahead , you start . 
the best part of waking up is still mystery to me . 
is trying to sell a useless set of feelings . 
twitter is the adult way of having imaginary friends . 
mary had a little lamb , until she learned about lamb chops . 
67 of canadians say that their favourite colour is flannel 
keep your daughters away from olympic track and field events : doctor's orders . 
yes officer i know it seems like a lot for personal use . 
jerk chicken is just regular chicken that didn't let it's daughter go to prom 
what is a calculators favorite food ? pi ! 
what do you call a bowling alley in brooklyn ? ebo - wling 
there's nothing louder than the end of cycle signal on a dryer . 
my house looks like i'm losing a game of jumanji . 
this is incredible nothing has been reposted here all year ! 
please spread kale over my dumb organic gluten free casket 
germany used to have a large french speaking region . it was called france 
the first rule of fight club is till death do us part . 
how do you give a solipsist an existential crisis ? you tell me . 
occasionally , a true friend gives his paw not his hand ... 
what happened when the lion ate the comedian ? he felt funny ! 
how do you say " no , i'm full " in grandmother ? 
why are dendrochronologists forever alone ? 
what do you call jokes about eyes ? vitreous humour . 
got my left hand an awesome valentines card and vibrating glove . 
i have a decaffeinated coffee table looking at it , you wouldn't know it 
" don't quote me on that . " - anonymous 
i never shower . no hobo . 
if any cheetahs are reading this , please do not eat my son . 
15 out of 12 beers agree i can't do math when i'm drunk . 
now a joke for all you psychics on reddit . 
what do you call 2 puerto ricans playing basketball ? juan on juan 
what is bruce lee's beverage of choice ? wataaaaar 
why did loki want the tesseract ? to get rid of his tesserection 
why can't java programmers see well ? because of the eclipse 
why can't you keep a secret from cattle ? they herd 
chuck norris did in fact , build rome in a day . 
so an irishman walks into a pub ... what else is new ? 
got the cheese sweats . got the cheese sweats real bad . 
yo momma is so ugly that she scares blind people ! ! ! ! 
what's the name of the scared sky diver ? hugo first 
i don't understand the concept of foreskin it goes right over my head 
what is ke ha's favorite candy ? tictac 
my friend took a whole bottle of chill pills and chilled himself 
who is the 0 . 666 humorist here ? meta 
what's hitler's favorite video game . meinkraft 
i have emo shoes . they have tortured soles . 
you know what i love about world history ? ... it's a long story 
why does everyone like the kkk ? cause they're the best ! 
why doesn't hitler run a marathon ? because he can't finish a race . 
what do you call a naked baby horse ? a naked neigh - kid 
in a parallel universe calories are trying to burn people . 
" ramen " . - scooby doo , finishing a prayer 
why don't women blink during foreplay ? they don't have time . 
did you just call me a boombox ? eugh that's such a stereotype 
a dyslectic man entered a bra . 
whats the worst animal to play cards with ? a cheetah . 
how do you say hi hello 
the first self driving commercial cars license plate should be ... afkbrb 
what's little , metal , and will ruin dinner a bullet in your face 
how did mars feel when the colonists were approaching ? terra - fied . 
bodyguard idea : clowns . no one will come anywhere near you . 
my favorite joke from tonight's debate " you have 2 minutes " 
tifu : i posted my fu in r jokes 
" room service ? send up a larger room . " 
welcome to our swimming ool ! notice there is no p in it . 
praying in church please god let church end early 
i'm not schizophrenic , but he is points at nothing 
yo momma so stupid she thinks nickleback is a refund . 
drinking alcohol before pregnancy can cause pregnancy . 
why does god like swiss cheese ? it's holey ! get it ? 
what is john lennon's favourite donut ? strawberry filled forever ! 
what's a fish's favourite band ? stickelback ! 
argentina is surprisingly cold . in fact it's bordering on chile . 
why was hans crying at dinner ? because the meat was chewy . 
* pushes vending machine over no you're out of order ! 
how do you figure out how sensitive a man's balls are ? test tickles 
why was my other pillow jealous ? because i like to sleep around . 
how did saddam deal with his leftovers ? he used sarin wrap 
a jim's dozen is 11 , because i take one for myself . 
what's obama's favorite tv show ? game of drones 
give a girl an inch and she'll want the other 6 too 
if life hands you lemons , break out the tequila ! 
what car insurance do canadians have ? triple eh 
what can be found in a cannibal's shower ? head amp shoulders 
what do you call a subreddit that sanctions free speech ? deleted 
way ahead of you , " cashless society . " 
i'm attracted to fat chicks ... ... by the force of gravity 
people are making apocalypse posts likes there's no tomorrow . 
your laughing style hehehe hahaaha ahahaha ohahahooo ehahahee 
your so bald your bald 
so i'm trying to get myself to be ambidextrous . i'm halfway there ! 
i mute every grouptext cuz friendship is cool but also generally annoying 
what's your favorite pick up line ? mine is the ford f series . 
some people don't like telling the truth , others don't like hearing it . 
why did richard leave his home this morning ? for harambe . 
" yolo " giggled the 53rd incarnation of buddha 
any one remembers the game ? now i'll fly away . 
hails satan satan pulls up in his cab 
can't shake this headache . perhaps the shaking isn't helping 
why is 88 better than 69 ? because you get ate twice . 
trying to buy pants clerk : sir you need pants to shop here . 
why do women always ask questions that have no right answers ? 
where did ants originally come from ? ant - arctica 
what did the pig say on a hot summer day ? i'm bacon ! 
monday y u no fun fun fun like friday ? 
still can't say " jk " without whispering " rowling " 
which musician is the most generous ? cher 
everything happens for a reason and the reason is stupid 
what does a dentist do on a roller coaster ? ... he braces himself 
at what age is it appropriate to tell my dog that he's adopted ? 
just thought of this cheesy joke ... who betrayed cheesus christ ? goudas . 
what happened to the tyrannical fruit ? he was impeached ! 
ambitious workaholics in taiwan typically have a taipei personality . 
my favourite drivers are the designated ones . 
sometimes , i like to drink and play guitar ... 
a pig with a cold is called ... pigachu ! 
yo mama so fat she's a reddit admin 
what's going to be thinner than the iphone 8 ? apples ideas . 
why is islam so unethical towards its employees ironically , it's all about prophets 
die hard what happens when you overdose on viagra 
my dating service , " it's just oral " is really taking off ! 
who is godzilla's least favorite relative ? his mothra - in - law 
moses was the first person to use control - c as a shortcut 
did you hear about the baker's son ? he was in - bred . 
how does dracula keep fit ? he plays batminton . 
i can't face my checkbook so i check my facebook . 
how do you call a usb stick in russia ? a put - in 
where does santa get presents for bad kids ? kohl's . 
i aint racist ! i love nascar ! 
my biggest fear of hurricane sandy is that i'll lose power and can't facebook 
why did the blonde stuff 98 berries in her mouth they were cramberries . 
i'm going to stop eating beef from colorado the steaks are too high 
the mcrib is back . because you're getting new underwear for christmas anyway . 
have you tried gatorade's newest sports drink , f5 ? it's very refreshing 
why do french tanks have rearview mirrors ? to see the battle . 
yo mama so ugly she made an onion cry . 
where does an afghan boy go during a drone strike ? everywhere . 
chuck norris once flushed a condom three weeks later the ninja turtles were born 
where do chicago football fans buy engagement rings ? de beers 
pot could probably use one more name ... how about wizard parsley ? 
i tried using self deprecating humor but i'm not any good at it . 
why did tigger look down the toilet ? to find pooh ! 
" this is the one i use for wiping " - handshakes 
unfortunately , showing that much cleavage doesn't fix your face . 
what's the 1 thing that pisses off redditors ? you're grammar 
why do indians hate snow ? it's white and it's on their land . 
what happens when you provoke an angry redhead ? ginger snaps . 
what do you call a drug dealing church ? crystal methodists 
i hate all these posts they're so last year 
did you see the joke written on recycled paper ? it was tearable 
today i wanted to make a broken pencil pun but there's no point . 
i poured my root beer into a square cup now i just have beer 
what plant attacks people ? an ambush 
most of my parenting skills come from watching animal planet . 
life is just a series of obstacles preventing you from taking a nap . 
great big polar bear she says what ? it broke the ice ! 
why do windbreakers smell bad ? because all they do is break wind . 
how does disney decide who needs pants and who doesn't ? 
stop saying " i wish " and start saying " i will " . 
what do you call a woman with multiple personality disorder ? polly 
where do fish deposit their money ? river banks 
what's donald trumps favorite color ? orange 
til : a second is called a second because it's not first . 
there's no attraction quite as strong as tomato sauce a white shirt 
i love children , especially when they cry and someone takes them away . 
the font for alphabet soup is times new ramen . 
i have an inferiority complex but it's a not very good one ... : 
where do retired pigs go for warm weather ? the tropigs ! 
girl , do you have 67 protons ? cuz you a ho 
i love cheese ! cheese : i have a boyfriend 
the problem with the world is that everyone is a few drinks behind . 
what's ronald reagan's favorite vegetable ? james brady 
whats a similarity between colorado and saudi arabia ? it's legal to get stoned 
what would chrysler's version of the ford focus be called ? chrysler concentrate 
one liners are great . two liners are better . 
chuck norris strikes fear into zombies . 
how do you burn an irishman ear ? ring him while he's ironing ... 
the biggest myth is to solve problems of math 
why are art contests so disappointing ? they always end in a draw 
you know your a redneck when ... ... _______________ fill in the blank 
late term abortion now offered in florida free with stay to any orlando resort 
why is barbie's boyfriend afraid of commitment ? he's a chic ken . 
i love ebay . sold my homing pigeon 8 times last month . . 
what does it take to break a nokia phone ? microsoft . 
don't regret doing things , regret getting caught 
saturn undefeated solar system hula hoop champ ! 
how do you get gum out of hair ? cancer - i'm sorry - 
what's the funniest number ever ? l0l 
senior year ? more like sleep and beer . 
who was japan's favorite racist comedian ? charlie japlin . hahahaahhaha stop racism . 
what do you call hot women in france ? tourists 
some day i have a victim mentality but it's not my fault 
my girlfriend messed up baking a tart she was to re - tart it 
cat lovers . 
" you'll sleep when i'm dead " - - my phone 
cosmetology school was a real letdown . anyone wanna buy a spacesuit ? 
why is it good to post jokes about feminists ? it promotes equality . 
how do you define a farmer ? someone that's outstanding in their field . 
what type of people do vampires like ? type o positive people . 
i don't understand the hate for man buns i think they're top knots . 
why do burgers run the gauntlet ? to test their meattle ! 
beauty is only a light switch away . that is all . 
i wonder if this whole ebola thing is going to go viral thoughts ? 
some cause happiness wherever they go . others whenever they go . 
there's seldom a fun word that follows " early onset . " 
hey prius owners your entire car is a bumper sticker 
i'm not a facebook status , you don't have to like me . 
what did michael jackson say at the bank ? " make that change " 
act now to enjoy a false sense of urgency ! 
what's the name of the strongest duck out there ? psytama . 
what kind of martial arts do birds practice ? wing chun 
" let's watch tv and talk about it on the internet . " 
today i went to the protest the protesters aren't going to mace themselves 
what's the difference between a good joke and a bad joke timing and delivery 
turn your phone upside down to read the following message . sapnu puas 
i was gonna make a joke about hitting the gym ... maybe tomorrow 
if you smell axe body spray on your lawyer you're going to jail . 
why do the poles shift ? to find better jobs 
what happened when moses went to mount olive ? popeye got pissed . 
what's donald trump's least favorite music band of all time ? foreigner . 
i wish fox news was just news about foxes . 
care free shrimp pasta is ... happy - go - lucky scampi . 
ugly sweater contest * starts sweating * * takes home the gold * 
immigrants after trump's election be like ... removed 
apparently typos only become visible to the human eye after you hit send . 
an olympian walks into a bar and says " damn " . 
schrodinger's cat walks into a bar schrodinger's cat walks out of a bar 
a man tried to write with a broken pencil ... but it was pointless 
what can think the unthinkable ? an itheberg . 
i found alan rickman in the grocery store yesterday ... jk 
no , you didn't tighten the cap on my urine sample 
what does jeb bush say on the toilet ? please crap 
how many latvian to eat potato ? soldier 
your heart cannot be an american hero because i am going to capture it 
what did hitler name his network switch to ? auswitch 
what did one ox say to another ox ? a yoke . 
why does the baker have so many loaves ? because they bred . 
what do cannonballs do when they fall in love ? they make bbs 
what does reddit need ? ahmad . 
don't let a chromosome get you down one of my personal favorites . 
" no comment " said no woman , ever 
did you hear what they found in jeffrey dahmer's freezer ? ben and jerry 
how does a painter support their art in this economy ? easel - y 
five reasons not to use an electric toilet number two will shock you 
the junkie tried but couldn't quit all of his efforts were in vein 
they were called jumpolines until your mom got on one . 
best joke in soccer right now . mexico's national team . 
i'm terrified that i might be a hypochondriac 
thesaurus had the greatest vocabulary of all the dinosaurs 
i'm so old that i was the tv remote when i was a kid 
why aren't there more women in stem ? because they're stupid and illiterate . 
never own a pet store . stores make bad pets . 
what's the best way to make pants last ? make the jacket first . 
traffic . . the only jam that doesn't go on toast 
it's that time of the month for robots ipads 
guys , share your most ridiculous ideas successful women 
how many letters can you wear on your feet ? 10 e's 
did you hear about this new fish ? nevermind it's satill in beta 
bill cosby rapped me in the arse with a pudding pop ! 
i live in a high crime neighbourhood if you count socks with sandals . 
who's a modern pirate for the 21st century ? neckbeard ! 
yo momma so fat her shadow engulfs all of manhattan 
chuck norris once skewered a man with the eiffel tower . 
i'll tell you a cheesy joke ? i don't like cheese . : 0 
tifu by trying to catch fog i mist 
chuck norris can't fly ... but he does it anyway . 
nudist's have the right idea . . screw laundry ! 
what do politicians do for fun ? rave at the party . 
i'm so fresh ... ... i get put in the produce section . 
here , let me loosen those morals for you . 
arjen robben goes down easier than a thirsty tourist in magaluf . 
what did the vegetarian do to get ripped ? he juiced ... 
donald trump wins presidency 
happy mothers day we love all you mothers . 
what does snoop dogg eat ? beets by dre . 
what is west saharan favourite number ? data not avalible . 
herbal doctors , someone should tell them thyme doesn't heal all wounds . 
* looks at you in batman voice * 
what's tall , handsome and muscular ? not you ! 
age gets better with wine 
skinny jeans all jeans are skinny jeans if you're fat enough . 
what's the greatest symbol of inequality ? 
when do you use duct tape on a duck ? when he's quacked . 
how to survive a beat attack run faster than your wife and kids 
what do baby swans dance to ? cygnet - ure - tunes ! 
i invented the word " plagiarism " 
why are oranges like bells ? you can peel peal both of them . 
what do french pupils say after finishing their school dinners ? mercy ! 
what pokemon does south america have that other continents don't ? zikachu . 
i called the suffocation hotline yesterday ... i was instructed to hold . 
* grows beard to woo women * * receives recruitment email from isis * 
hey , i lost my teddy bear . would you sleep with me ? 
what happened to the cold jellyfish ? it set ! 
what is a frog's favorite dance ? the lindy hop . 
my three year old had a nightmare last night he lost his ipad 
why is hockey the bloodiest sport ? it has three periods . 
what does an lgbt couple do to show affection ? embruce 
how do ducks fly high ? they use quack ! 
are people in culinary school required to do dessertations ? 
tom cruise's nickname in between the sheets cruise missile . 
what do alexander skarsgard and ikea have in common ? swedish meatballs 
my son's favorite toy is the free blood pressure machine at walgreens . 
how do you get away with murder ? become a cop first . 
you wanna know the best food to eat when sad ? cheerios 
when you're trying to be cheesy but everyone around you is lactose intolerant 
how do soviet prison mates greet each other ? gulag to you too . 
can we all stop pretending that alcohol tastes good ? 
do you know what paraplegics can't stand ? * that 
test driving car with car salesman * parks on make out hill * 
so samsung released a new knife ! its brand new cutting - edge technology 
what do you call the north korean dictator ? seouless 
music is best when it's louder than i can think . 
true friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable . 
have you heard about the dyslexic satanist ? sold his soul to santa . 
i hate when people say i died laughing , and don't die . 
don't touch my nutella with your banana . 
what do you call a haunted accordion polka haunt us 
what is a phobia of chainsaws called ? common sense . 
homophobia is stupid . who the hell is afraid of homes . 
is there a god ? a billion hindus can't be wrong . 
what is the medical term for a fat cow ? morbidly o - beef 
how does the devil measure his drugs ? in pentagrams 
i get bi with a little help from my girl friends . 
what do ghosts watch if they want to relax ? skelly - vision ! 
not now , kids . daddy's pretending to be a woman on the internet 
me : raises hand my date : again , that's not necessary 
if bill clinton gets divorced ... does that mean he's over the hil ? 
north korea reminds me of a redhead because they both have no seoul 
who will win this super bowl's coin toss ? hillary clinton 
i don't think the proclaimers realized how far 500 miles really is . 
life hack : a pancake makes a great and edible mouse pad . 
where do religious cattle go to eat ? out to pastor . 
why do they call it pms because mad cow disease was already taken 
i'm not a pessimist . i'm a depressed realist . 
i learned something new about hordor got spoilers he's canadian . 
what do you call a moroccan candy distributor ? fez dispenser . 
why was the mathematician frowned upon ? he was a chronic math - debater 
what's big , thick , hairy , and makes babies ? your mom . 
how did darth vader cross the street ? ewoked . 
i can't hear out of my ear ... it's really ear - itating 
sundays always bring out my inner senior citizen ... . 
if your car is too heavy you can always use lighter fuel . 
people should be able to spell arbitrary however the hell they want to . 
venus williams should marry bruno mars and become venus mars . 
i'm pitching a prison dating show called america's next top bottom 
what do you call an intelligent saudi arabian woman ? target practice 
which 2 insects are the most foolish ? ant - ticks 
here's an oldie but a goodie . your mom . 
from where did the sperm whale get it's name ? ask your grandparents . 
i will ride you like a helicopter . totally out of control . 
1 . religion . 2 . ? 3 . prophet . 
how did charles darwin die ? natural causes . 
which is donald trump's favourite music album ? the wall by pink floyd 
you were so beautiful , until your 30 day trial of photoshop ended . 
why do we call lady parts beavers ? because they devour wood . 
a really big joke ... r jokes 
what's the best day to eat bacon ? fry - day . 
what do you call a sketchy place in italy ? the " spaghetto " 
ferguson shoe store broken into and looted everything but the work boots section . 
what are the symptoms of amnesia ? i can't remember 
nuff said ? no seriously , what did nuff say ? 
i fell in the mud . and took a shower right after ! 
why do russians love pho so much ? because they're so ... viet . 
how does a skeleton call her friends ? on a telebone . 
what kind of dog is the most colorful ? a paint bernard ! 
calling you an idiot would be an insult to all stupid people . 
for every male action , there is a female overreaction ... 
you know what they call alternative facts that are true ? facts . 
who is the strongest thief ? a shoplifter . 
why is the new windows os called windows 10 because 789 
my friend collects scoliosis journals he has * back * issues . 
what is the pig's favorite musical instrument ? the piggalo piccalo . 
i'm sorry . i had your sharona confused with mine . 
i'm not a recluse , i'm just playing hard to get with society . 
my local steak house serves nothing but vegetarian bc cows are vegetarian 
hate when the grammar police single me out like some kind of which hunt 
why is camping so fun ? it's in tents ! 
what's a dank memer's favorite letter ? a lmao 
audiophiles be like . mp3 , . wav , . flac 
sometimes i keep facebook open in two tabs to remind myself i'm worthless . 
when pinguins fly , you are probably drowning . 
why doesn't the kkk like halloween ? too many spooks . 
how do you make a cat bark ? wrap it around a tree 
if isis gets bombed they'll be called waswas 
where do polar bears go to deposit money ? a snowbank 
are you a cat because you're purrrrrrfect . 
what do you call horse hay from mexico jose 
when your body is a solid 10 but your intro and conclusion need work 
what do you call a turkey with parkinson's disease ? turkey jerky 
chances of me doing anything at work today are about hahahahahahahahahahaha . 
this obama guy is the worst rapper ever . 
what do you call a blonde with two brain cells ? pregnant 
proof that bush did 7 11 jet fuel cant melt icee's 
what do you call the area between pamela anderson's breasts ? silicon valley 
" grow a pear . " - how to insult an apple tree 
where is engagement , ohio ? between dayton and marion . 
i bet a lot of seattle fans wives had to order pizzas last night 
how much does nicki minaj sell security devices for ? pound an alarm 
what did blizzard do on warcraft's opening night ? farm gold in china . 
next on cnn , 600 hours of guessing what happened to a plane . 
you are the toothpaste to my orange juice . 
what is a spanish person without a car called ? carlos 
join the food train chew chew ! ! ! 
what do you call an unconvincing stick insect ? unreali - stick 
a cannibal eats his date he said it tasted sweet . 
what do you call parents who teach abstinence only ? grandma and grandpa . 
scared of eating genetically modified fruit ? grow a pear . 
that one day of fame on facebook when it is your birthday . 
if amy winehouse complained a lot ... she'd be amy whinehouse 
what's the ultimate rejection ? when you're masturbating and your hand falls asleep . 
do gun manuals have a " trouble shooting ? " section ? 
what kind of jokes do filipinos make ? punny ones 
my children are the reason hurricanes are named after humans . 
dear prisoners : how about liquid soap ? you're welcome . 
what do romans use to cut pizza little caesars 
why do dogs hate outer space ? because they strongly dislike vacuums . 
need a new emoticon ? why not v , , v ? 
what's an artist's favorite fruit ? crayon - berries sorry 
3 k's don't a right they make a white 
what's the penalty for bigamy ? two mothers - in - law . 
click here for spoilers microorganisms humidity light heat 
bruce jenner , substantiated proof ... women are worse drivers . 
welcome to the website for sufferers of arthritis click to find out more 
i have beiber fever every time i hear about him i get sick . 
why does skeleton soup taste so poor ? it lacks body 
clones are people two . 
what do they eat for breakfast in africa ? ebola cereal 
knocks on neighbor's door hi can i come to your yelling party 
i'm still not convinced mitt romney was born . 
the doctor says i cut my sentences short . 
they say my generation is completely narcissistic ... they're just jealous ... 
" you home ? " - scariest text you can get 
elon musk must smell pretty good . 
my girlfriend is like god . doesn't exist ... 
whats putins favourite food ? ukrainian take away . 
how did the farmer move his cows ? in a mooving van ! 
don't cry , that onion didn't deserve you anyways . 
ghost hunters use special cameras made specifically for taking soulfies . 
if you don't order beef for dinner ... that's a missed steak . 
why would koreans make great jazz musicians ? because they have seoul . 
the sign said : first presbyterian church , but i doubt it . 
what is a relationship ? it's the one that always sinks ... . 
doormats are a gateway rug . 
what happened when the frog double parked ? its car got toad away . 
don't put a question mark where god put a period . 
i have performance enhancing shrugs . 
which alligator lives in the arctic ? the refridgegator . 
what vegetable parties the hardest ? a turnip . 
it's amazing how much more money i have when i'm drunk . 
satan has a facebook account , apparently . 
if you take the d out of devil what do you get ? d 
my son can't handle going to camp this year . it's in tents 
i called my wife a hoe ... hey , she's good at gardening . 
why do worms taste like chewing gum ? because they're wrigleys ! 
why was the beaver homeless ? he just couldn't give a dam . 
the inventor of the doorbell obviously did not own a dog . 
what do you give a train driver for christmas ? platform shoes ! 
i walked in the closet . i'm officially a straight man . 
what is the cleanest bar in the world ... the soap bar . 
quoting famous dead people on the internet is stupid . confucius 
who sculpted mount rushmore ? george washington carver . 
i think my scale is broken . it only ever goes up . 
what did the call the time travelling cyborg who had a weak bladder urinator 
does any one know a program that converts mp3's into nutella ? 
9am : * starts diet * 2pm : * injects kfc gravy intravenously * 
i have a phobia of german sausage yes , i fear the wurst . 
what's the hot new romance novel for nerds 256 shades of grey 
ray rice's girlfriend is really hot . she's a knockout ! 
everybody values honesty , until they have an ugly baby . 
why are muscles poisonous ? because my biceps are killer . 
it's party time let's dance ! 
what is it called when a gamer fights someone ? an asthma attack . 
spell mousetrap with three letters . c - a - t 
i reported my own accident on waze hence , the accident . 
i'm uncomfortable with abortion . it gives me cramps . 
what did 1 volcano say to another volcano ? that ash . 
you'll never be as lazy as whoever named the fireplace 
what does a math mermaid wear ? an algeabra ... . 
pretty cool how ryan gosling's dad was ryan goose . 
in solidarity with the transgender community , hershey's chocolate will be renamed to heshey's 
what's a redditor's favorite food ? copy pasta ! i'm so sorry 
so i took a practice test on photons today ... it didn't matter . 
i guess that is what a brazilian wax feels like . 
what does a german snake sound like ? ... . 
drinking causes memory loss . and then , drinking causes memory loss . 
i'm not dumb , i just have a lot of blonde moments . 
do ten millipedes equal one centipede ? 
what's satan's main social media site ? pentagram 
perms are just rad skateparks for lice . 
how to get a job without experience ? just run for office ! 
my roommate's diary says i have boundary issues . 
breaking news ! cannot unsee ! mathematicians find 2 - 1 0 ! 
what happened to the horse that swallowed a dollar bill ? it bucked ! 
got a new car for my girlfriend , best trade i ever made . 
when asked about hobbies , don't start lap dancing . jobinterviewfail 
did you hear that france changed their flag ? it is now just white 
yo mommas so poor the roaches pay the light bill ! 
the joke about the sun is too hot to handle 
there's a thin line between word and world . 
what does a pirate drink for breakfast ? arrrrange juice . 
" get over yourself . " * me teaching clones how to play leapfrog 
i met my ex - wife at the gym . we didn't workout . 
what's the only thing better than a gold medal at the paralympics ? legs 
what kinda truck does paulie shore drive ? a diiieeeeessssleeeeee 
there once was a guy drawing blood ... ... he used a pencillin . 
why is stephen hawking so controversial ? he never changes his position . 
to the rooster goes the spoils . . indeed 
why does puff daddy have nice hair ? because sean combs . 
beer : the wd40 for conversations . 
how do you make apple jelly ? google maps . 
why was the airport depressed ? it had a terminal illness . 
i just managed to determine someones iq just by hearing her laugh . 
history teacher : what ended in 1918 ? student : 1917 
what's the crackhead's favorite song ? i wanna rock ! 
how does a solar system have a party ? they planet 
what do singers get during their periods ? minstrel cramps . 
the only thing i can fix in this world tonight is another drink . 
blinding hatred is a perfectly healthy response to everything that other people do . 
what does a south american say after someone sneezes ? belize you . 
what do you call piss from the continent ? ureapean urinepean . 
pregnancy test that says , " your cart has 1 item in it " 
jupit . jupiter . jupitest . 
i grew up for this ? 
for sale : starter motor for perpetual motion machine . only used once . 
the real joke isn't always in the comments sometimes it's in the whitehouse ... 
when i say i'm as sober as a judge i mean paula abdul . 
my girlfriend is like john cena i can't see her : 
aches and pains by arthur ritis 
broke a light bulb today . seven years of bad ideas ? 
what musical instrument do people with stds play ? the herpsichord . 
bjerg is so fly that he's sren 
heard about the peanut that walked through central park it was a salted . 
police : where were you between 5 and 6 ? me : kindergarten 
why are microsoft circuit boards so bad ? they use french resistors . 
how did the otaku redneck guy name his daughter ? annie mae 
being a suicide bolder sounds like a blast 
taking home work has never been more satisfying i love being a coroner ! 
what did captain kirk do in the head ? he shatner . 
you like sleeping ? me too ! we should do it together sometime . 
what is a hitman's favorite mathematical field ? * trigger * nometry 
what do you call a feminist manager . miss . management . 
i was going to have a life but then twitter happened . 
why can't you smell bran spoilers he's hodorless 
yo mama so ugly even rice krispies won't talk to her ! 
there once was an italian chef he pastaway 
funny how the closer i get to the bar the friendlier i become . 
i shaved my sack last week ... now i have poke balls . 
a salesman rings the doorbell ... 
my life is like r jokes it's the same thing everyday 
underwear ... because every present needs to be wrapped . 
writing with a dull pencil is pointless ... 
ww2 russia be like ... you better czech yourself before you rek yourself . 
the other day i saw a sheep pole dancing in a kebab shop . 
why is the martian on dvd so you can bring him home 
i have the opposite of a photographic memory i have a potatographic memory . 
trying to understand women is like trying to smell color 9 . 
i hate what you've done with the place . 
i like my eggs ovariesy 
making a joke about wheelchair users ... is a big no - go . 
dirty why does bill clinton play saxophone ? because he lost his whoremonica 
what did the stone say to the hill ? let's rock and roll . 
how do trees get online ? they just log in ... 
plumber : you have hard water . me : you mean like ice ? 
fight fire with water . idiots . 
waxing . it's not a cure for lycanthropy . 
what do old people always keep in their back pocket ? depends . 
boomerangs can be quite dangerous if you've got alzheimers . 
everything's made in china except babies ... ... those are made in vachina . 
i tried giving up erections for lent ... but it got pretty hard . 
so many jesus accounts ... and not one is verified 
i'm addicted to drinking brake fluid . but i can stop anytime . 
what's a thoughtful person's favourite dip ? hmmmus . 
failure is not an optionit comes bundled with the software . 
how did the redneck find his sister in the woods ? not bad ! 
my dad always calls me goldfish ... i forget why 
i'm reading a book about anti - gravity it's impossible to put down . 
were there this many idiots before the internet ? 
what is a nuclear physicist's favourite meal ? fission chips . 
my girlfriend is on her period ... she calls me dracula . 
what is the cutest piece of clothing ? cutie 
what do you call an egyptian spine manipulator ? a cairo - practor 
that awkward moment when your kindness is mistaken with flirting . 
relationship status : binoculars 
what do you mean you can't deliver pizza to a pillow fort 
what do eggs say when they're turnt ? omelette , fam 
making weatherproof clothes by ranier day 
i designed a website for orphans . there isn't a homepage . 
what is a ups worker's favorite cloud service ? dropbox . 
responsibilities and feelings should not exist 
true story i've met a research geologist whose work was groundbreaking . 
are you african ? ... cause you're a frickin babe . 
what did a chemist say to a deaf guy ? does it matter ? 
i've heard mixed reviews about cannibalism ... it varies from person to person . 
what does the educated owl say ? whom 
what is the opposite of dominoes ? domi does not know ... . 
single because i didn't forward that chain mail in 2008 
a free corpse is a dead giveaway . 
permanently blinded people of reddit , what is your favourite movie ? 
cows are pretty nice to us considering that we eat them 
a list of compelling arguments regarding the existence of god . 
confusius says whaaat ? ! 
i want to hire a chipotle employee to tuck me in at night . 
where does the navy rank amongst the armed forces ? submarines . 
i wonder how many crimes the muppets have kermitted . 
i just pimped my car . now it has extra whorespower . 
a helicopter crashes in a graveyard ... the police recovered 300 bodies . 
accountants have the toughest job in afghanistan because of the tally ban . 
what are a plumber's favorite shoes ? clogs 
to make a long story short , just walk away once you're bored . 
what do you get if you deep fry santa claus ? crisp cringle . 
what is pink and lies on the doormat ? whitney houston's valentines day cards 
this is funny so is this 
how did thor's brother get his powers ? just loki i guess 
what do you call political yeti ? obamanable snowman 
who writes hit musicals on the internet ? andrew lloyd webber . 
it's not karma , you're just an idiot . 
latest economic indicators show an uptick of growth in the manufacturing outrage sector . 
google needs a " you really don't want to know " search answer . 
we all missed harambe except the bullet ! 
when is a woman wrong ? as long as she is unmarried . 
why doesn't a window scream when you shatter it ? because it's paneless . 
the great spam recycler 
why're they called hemorrhoids ? surely they should be called asteroids ? : 
why don't chickens have lips ? because then they'd have soft peckers 
what is christopher reeves favorite band ? the talking heads 
i have a joke , but not funny . 
how do ghosts navigate the ocean ? they use boo - eys . 
know your customer . think like an idiot . 
a drum set falls out of a window ... ba dum tssh ! 
people who live in lego houses should not walk around without shoes . 
whats green and flies ? super pickle 
what do you call a group of prison bull - dykes ? ellen degenerates 
do you like puns ? then i'll pun you in the face ! 
i just deleted all the german names off my phone . it's hans free 
what did hitler do wrong ? he didn't finish . 
i saw someone litter a picture of kim kardashian . what a waist ! 
when should funerals occur ? mourning 
what has six balls and screws everybody ? the lottery . 
alzheimer joke can't remember if repost 
i can't wait for turkey dinner tomorrow . i love middle eastern food . 
i think jerry springer should moderate the next debate . 
how was my soup ? souperb . 
i like bald eagles . they taste almost just like baby seals . 
you wouldn't steal a gate . so why would you take offense ? 
what's donald trump's favorite drink ? a white russian . 
it's cray that i totes obvi say perf and adorbz on the regs 
q : what's the most popular afro - american stereotype ? a : boombox 
how do you call a person that is afraid of people homophobic 
my handheld social networking device is ringing ! what do i do ? 
there's a gap in my knowledge of clothing retailers 
what did france say to turkey ? that's not nice . 
going to the gym to throw donuts at all the skinny people 
a pokemon joke what pokemon likes to run ? lucardio ! 
i got a puppy for my ex . fair trade . 
i'm not flirting ! ! its called being nice ! 
to me , drink responsibly means don't f ? cking spill it 
blind man walks past a fishmongers " hello ladies ! " 
" oh now burger king delivers ! " - paula deen 
him : what's your cup size ? me : venti 
what is hitler's favorite chocolate ? fuhrerro rocher 
i know what i'm getting for christmas . fat . i'm getting fat . 
i'm surprised bob the builder ever gets anything done he's surrounded by tools 
yo momma is so fat that she was sorted into the house of pancakes 
where do lightning bolts go on dates ? - to cloud 9 
hey , parents . stop raising children and start raising adults . 
im trying to get back to my original weight . 7 lbs 9 oz 
where do you take someone who overdoses on homeopathic medicine ? a mental hospital 
sooo much pressure as a woman to not have a mustache . 
why did paul walker cross the road ? because he wasn't wearing a seatbelt 
why did the squirrel swim on its back ? to keep his nuts dry 
what's a pirates favorite thing to knit ? scaaaaaarrves 
plot twist : marijuana is the drug against wars . 
timing . why don't norwegians tell good jokes ? 
" this isn't my first rodeo " - guy at his second rodeo 
i always cry at weddings they're wasting so much rice ! ! 
what does snoop dogg say to his baby ? kushie kushie koo 
skinny jeans are like a cheap hotel ... there's no ballroom . 
alcohol is an excellent solvent . it dissolves marriages , friendships and organs . 
manatees come in all sorts of shades and hues oh the hue manatee 
what's pink and hard ? a pig with a knife . 
90 of my opinions are a shrug . 
what stresses fish out the most ? current events . 
the real oldest yo mama joke ... ... yo mama 
i've waited a year to post this this 
what would bears be without bees ears 
q : was jesus delicious ? 
what font was used on wyatt earp's tombstone ? sans sheriff . 
how do you convert spanish programming into english ? yes 
dtf down time finally - mom's everywhere 
behind every successful status update , there is a ctrl c ctrl v 
clickbait , don't click on it are you serious ? 
" pool " in spanish is " piscina " . they know . 
a bloodbath has got to be the least effective type of bath 
i went to an illiterate psychic i couldn't get a reading 
what do you call someone who majors in geology and astronomy a rockstar 
- the dc cinematic universe 
what do you call a bear that swings both ways ? bi - polar 
when does it become a dad joke ? when it was a kid . 
what does a mathematician deal with when finished their work ? the aftermath 
i just don't understand how moats ever went out of style . 
what did the mentally handicapped kid get on his math test ? drool 
i don't like adulting ... ... just kidding . 
most computer problems can be fixed by removing the idiot from the keyboard . 
here's a joke about my browser history : deleted 
obama is an obamanation . that is all . 
your mother's cooking 
what does a vampire take for a cold ? coffin syrup ! 
how is the new meta gear game ? its solid . 
20 __ - - cyclops with perfect vision 
i'm selling shirts for armless people called ampu - t's . 
i like talking to bartenders because they can't go anywhere . 
why do irishmen hate kia ? because gingers don't have souls . 
just kick higher , dammit ! this isn't rockette science . 
what do you call sheep in the middle east ? arak of lamb 
why are there no bungalows in france ? because the french have many flaws 
tilda swinton is what happens when a lamp from ikea becomes self aware . 
you see those cows over there ? they are outstanding in their field . 
why is the o in opossum silent ? because it's playing dead . 
what's today's date ? germany brazil 2016 
do you want a quick joke ? do you want another one ? 
after you're done watching them , netflix should let you exchange children . 
i want to write a mystery novel . or do i ? 
knock knock who said you could come in ? 
what does a gamer say when he get married ? gg . 
is peta aware that we're still struggling with the ethical treatment of humans ? 
if evolution is real how come ? monkeys still throw their poop underhanded 
what's the coolest answer to a multi - choice question ? b 
where do snowmen put their webpages ? on the winternet . 
my girlfriend called me lazy the other day . i almost responded . 
i was wondering how close the twister was ... the answer blew me away 
hating everything saves countless hours of decision making 
what's the name of that band dave matthews is in 
ke ha looks like a character i would select in mortal kombat 
why can't redditors sew ? because the thread has been locked by a moderator 
all these fireworks and still my girlfriend has the shortest fuse . 
what is the dothraki font of choice ? kaleebri 
me i'm a joke 
running your mouth is not cardio . 
what's the healthiest thing about eating a wheelchair ? the vegetable . 
what do you call winnie the pooh's grandmother ? poohnanni 
what do you call a german rice cake ? a reich cake 
whaddya call a large lizard in a trench coat ? an investigator . 
whatever kind of look you were going for , you missed . 
say " no , two drugs . " 
why are steak puns so rare ? because they are never well done . 
some people are as useless as the second window at mcdonald's . 
i bought some new " london bridge jeans " they keep falling down . 
we should have a horse for president . all in favor say neigh . 
what do you call a crappy skin cream ? disappointmenttm 
why are people into flat earth theory ? because it's edgy . 
where is the most conflict in a loaf of bread ? the middle yeast 
what do you call a hot high school math teacher ? expansion of minors 
never trust couscous . it's just fat sand . 
confucius say ... man who walk through airport sideways going to bangkok . 
why do sumo wrestlers shave their balls ? so they don't have hairballs ! 
the problem with psychotic cab drivers . they drive me crazy . 
when they came out fanny packs were the new hip thing . 
i hate it when people beg for likes , like if you agree ? 
i think the large hand on my watch is lagging . sloppy seconds 
are you russian ? no , i'm not in a hurry . 
why did the doorman get a raise ? he was always out standing . 
never tip a cow more than 15 . 
a schmooze ... . ... what sean connery calls an afternoon nap 
leap years mean nothing when you have bad knees . 
what would voldemort name his pet tortoise ? voldetort . 
i am so glad that bp is easier to spell then eyjafjallajokull 
where does peter pan like to eat out ? wendy's . 
why did hitler send people to concentration camps ? because they had add . 
what goes " knio knio ? " a backward pig . 
how does an atheist start their prayers ? to whom it may concern 
what did the really dumb guy name his pet giraffe ? spot . 
what do lifesavers do that a man can't ? come in eight flavors . 
what is lionel messi's favorite soft drink ? si , era missed 
sluggish n : what slugs speak . 
i have very poor ninja skills when it comes to staring at cleavage . 
call me old fashioned but i prefer women with eyebrows made out of hair 
i bet edward scissorhands is very much afraid of edward rockhands . 
the chicago cubs 
they smoked a joint and overthrew the government . now that's a high coup 
i now pronounce you slowly and phonetically . 
how do chemists get high ? they drop acid of course 
what did the tree say to autumn ? leaf me alone . 
what do you call martial arts for cows ? mooey thai . 
why did dave go into the backseat ? because kurt called shotgun . 
50 of the most offensive jokes i know 49 of them is your mom 
sharknado 3 jokes 
man bumps into my shoulder " you're lucky this isn't the internet pal " 
why are diapers like 10 bills ? because you have to change them . 
i bet vanna white hates the day after labor day ? 
what do crocodiles serve at dinner time ? death rolls 
told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows on too high she looked surprised . 
what type of tea does the social justice warrior avoid ? reality 
what do they call the hunger games in france ? battle royale with cheese 
my number one rule to live by is : don't die . 
what's another word for knowing that you're right ? woman 
even in the olympics , women's basketball is un - watchable . 
what format do emo's prefer to compress files ? . rar 
my plan if there is a draft : put a coat on . 
my money box is empty ... no change there . 
what do you call a policewoman who hasn't shaved for a week ? constable 
friends are like snow when you pee on them , they disappear . 
250 dogs escaped from the spca police are following a number of leads . 
i have a horse named mayo ... mayo neighs . 
what was the first thing hitler bought from the beauty shop ? polish remover 
does shaking the vending machine count as working out ? 
why did the python return his pants ? they were too constricting . 
what fruit had to have an announced wedding at home ? cantaloupe 
bloody mary used to be virgin mary . 
hey , the 1700's called , they said please invent telephones . 
what do you call people who don't repost jokes ? liars 
if i could have any superpower , i would pick china . 
how can you identify a french infantryman ? sunburned armpits . 
reward : lost dog what kind of a reward is a lost dog ? 
are the polish for or against abductions ? maybe i should take a poll 
ha long is many dongs 
i ate an optimist once . . but i couldn't keep him down ! 
i am used but in good condition . 
if your drug dealer is on time , it's a cop . 
people in cars cause accidents . accidents in cars cause people . 
please make sure my tombstone reads : wish you were here . 
women are like cars ... only the broken ones stick around . 
should english be the only official language of the eu ? no . 
poodles are just angry clouds with legs . 
what's jared fogle's favorite weather ? el nino . 
some mathematicians are on the negative side , while others are quite positive . 
why did donald trump win the republican nomination ? don rickles is dead . 
i would talk about computer science ... but it makes my mother board 
i am a dyslexic ama fighter , mma 
what kind of stretches does a pencil do ? ticondeyoga 
where could you look up joan of arc's profile ? on tinder . 
if life hands you lemons , ask it why it has hands . 
what did the dyslexic person worship ? santa . 
why did the bear dissolve in water ? he was polar 
i just had my first prostate examination worst dentist ever . 
what do you call the person who revised hitler's speeches ? grammar nazi 
i love americans . you guys have the best serial killers . 
i'm gonna be honest with you ... particle accelerators give me a hadron . 
why are sandwiches better in space ? they are always a bit meteor ! 
i'm running away to join the internet . 
i saw a vw hybrid today . it runs on gasoline and lies . 
what do you call three rabbits hopping backwards ? a receding hare line . 
i shake my bottled water so the h's o's are evenly distributed . 
i drank too much water i'm going to pee for it later . 
girl , yo grammatical atrocities so huge , you need typosuction . 
what do you call a battle of wordplay ? pun - fu fighting 
which director is hollywood's darling ? michael bae 
what does green day say before bed ? green night 
my poor knowledge of greek mythology has been my achilles elbow 
an jihidist walks into a club ... on a tuesday ... 
what's the difference between marcus mariota and floyd mayweather ? best duck ever . 
* pets a duck * helo litle friemd u used to b a dinosuar 
if vegetarians eat vegetables what do humanitarians eat 
some of these giraffe profile pictures are a vast improvement . 
what's scoobys birthstone ? ruuuubbbby ? 
breaking news : scientists sneak up on periodic table , add element of surprise 
how do trees access the internet ? they log on 
yay it's payday ! * pays bills that was short lived . 
which rabbits were famous bank robbers ? bunny and clyde . 
if you can't beat the record , you can beat up its owner . 
with great power comes greater difficulty in factorizing the polynomial . 
dating is collecting information about someone until you realize you don't like them 
monogamy first , do no harem . 
" it's now or nev " me : never . i choose never . 
who called them fake potatoes and not imitaters . 
come on down ! you're the next contestant on stfu ! 
men , if you have met your dream girl , materialize her . 
what famous actor costs an arm amp a leg to hire ? armold schwarzenlegger 
* points at houseplant * no , you have a drinking problem ! ! 
how does every racist joke start ? op looks around 
how do you deal with radical islamists ? you square them . 
what do you call empathetic bovine ? understand bull 
the closest i've come to being an athlete is using adobe acrobat . 
if eminem were a feminist ... ... he would be called feminem . 
can someone please help me to spell misogynistic ? a man preferably 
if you were an apple product you'd be an isore . 
what does it take to finish a race ? more than a holocaust 
circles are so pointless . 
so r news and r the_donald walk into a bar ... removed 
i'm a lonely status . i wish more people liked me . 
name a bird which doesn't lay eggs ? any male bird 
the best thing about the moon is that it doesn't have any sports 
hello , first time caller , long time listener , occasional murderer . 
what are cephalopod ghosts made of ? octoplasm . 
how was your thanksgiving ? gt gt very stuffing . 
this sub is so inactive there hasn't been a post all year ! 
i'm glad i know sign language , it's pretty handy . 
top 3 wiki sites : 1 . wikipedia 2 . wikileaks 3 . wikiwikiwikislimshady 
what's a suicidal russian's favorite drink ? cyka bleach 
do you have any raisins ? what about a date ? 
the sweater you left is in the closet . just like you . 
the only bright side to food poisoning is weighing yourself when it's over . 
there's a steering wheel in my pants it's driving me nuts 
virginity is not dignity , but lack of opportunity . 
* takes drive down memory lane * gets a dui 
what was whitney houston's biggest hit ? her last one 
if april showers bring mayflowers , what do mayflowers bring ? pilgrims 
why don't crabs give to charities ? they are shellfish . 
when and why did the yam farmer get up ? for a yam . 
sometimes you've got to ask yourself : why am i talking to myself ? 
sorry i broke up with you via interpretive dance . 
hiding from people at parties is my cardio . 
how can a male get a maid for free ? he gets married . 
why don't ghosts have legs ? because they're so white the can't dance . 
what do you want on your tombstone ? pepperoni and cheese ... . 
where do the russian separatists go to complain about their lives ? crimea river 
who would rule in a dog world ? the pawlice . 
i speak fluent hint . - no man anywhere , ever , never ever 
what are islamic extremists favourite drink ? smirnoff isis 
i could die but i'm afraid of the reapercussions 
explain to me the down side of being under house arrest . 
what did the korean family call their dog ? stu 
what's the difference between a snow - man and a snow - woman snowballs 
i love kale ... just as long as the k is silent . 
what's the downside to dating a mermaid ? her clam smells like fish ! 
are you from memphis ? cause you look like your parents were related . 
how is halloween celebrated in kentucky ? pumpkin 
what's white and covers the road in the early morning ? employed people . 
the letter q is an o smoking a cig and is therefore extremely cool 
if you were stressed out yesterday does that make you past tense ? 
* draws happy eyebrows on my dog * 
typical mexico ... 
omg this actually works ! 1 . hold breath 5 mins 2 . die 
how do you put a baby astronaut to sleep ? you rocket 
the attention span of a computer is as long as its electrical cord . 
when is a dog most impolite ? when he points . 
" hey , boo " - a casual ghost 
how does a coffee pot feel when it is hot ? perky . 
apparently , museums don't like it when you try to improve the paintings . 
releases 420 cows on the field graze it . jk bye 
i've got problems and a stuck shift key is one . 
whats a cab drivers favorite song ? livin on a fare ! 
if schools were really serious about fundraisers , they'd sell drugs and alcohol . 
why did i wear no jeans today ? my supply was short . 
your mom is like this joke old and overused 
college was the most expensive nap i ever took . 
after realising that i had accidentally eaten my clone , i shat myself . 
haven't tweeted lately because i'm really absorbed by this bounty paper towel . 
my dream girl is basically a pizza in a mini skirt . 
what is long and yellow and always points north ? a magnetic banana . 
why does middle eastern civilization have no major accomplishments ? . 
whatever mom , if that's even your real name ! ! ! 
want to hear a joke about pizza ? nah , it's too cheesy . 
you know what i hate ? people who answer their own questions . 
i am not that kind of woman ... i " m much worse . 
what do you call a jamaican with diahorrea ? * cool runnings * 
what's a hipsters favorite season ? summer , they like it before it's cool 
on the way to school ... tl dr 
why did the baker go to work ? he kneaded the dough ! 
if a crackhouse is filled with love , it becomes a crackhome . . 
the best joke about clickbait ever 
what do you call your female friend with tiny breasts ? your flatmate 
shin : a device for finding furniture in the dark . 
strange that the bible has no bibliography . 
if one quits quitting ... are they still a quitter ? 
my favourite thing about pedophilia jokes ... is that they never get old ! 
i can tell people are judgmental just by looking at them . 
why do psychics ask questions ? 
what is the one thing you can't say even on the internet ? removed 
what dog rides a horse named macaroni ? yankee poodle ! 
we have a 9th planet and it's chill netlixand chill ... sorry idk 
my brother told me i have the body of a god . buddha ! 
i got free admission for life at seaworld for being an orca whale . 
so far , too much day and too little hump . 
if you are charged with possession of marijuana is it called joint custody ? 
which gun does superman use ? scar - l 
what's the vatican city's favorite snack ? popecorn 
what do you call a terrorist in the north pole ? an isisicle ! 
why'd they call the egg a pimp ? because he got ova easy . 
* feels the music * music : " ew . no . " 
pancake day ... has has really creped up on me this year 
what's the name of the iraqi basketball team ? alley - oop akbar 
why are blonde jokes so short ? so men can remember them . 
how did the homeless handicap child die ? alone 
do robots have sisters ? no just transistors ! 
21 ways to piss off the mods on this sub removed 
why did john lennon get shot ? yoko ducked 
19 and 20 got in a fight . 21 . 
* reads your mind * * decides to wait for the movie * 
michael bay looks like if cocaine was a person . 
how do you spot a joke without a punchline ? 
we're going to have a president named jeb . president jeb . 
i wish no more tangles shampoo would work on christmas lights . 
why did the zombie get a gym membership ? gaaaainsss 
why did peasants hate knights outfits ? because everyone hates chain mail . 
starbucks this morning looks like a scene from " the walking dead . " 
i ran over some flowers when i was mowing today whoopsy - daisy ! 
sharks are just dolphins who went to the military . 
what's the one thing a mechanic can't fix ? stupid 
" everyday i'm shoveling " - canadians theme song . 
the basics of male masturbation are easy to grasp . 
outsize clothes - buying by ellie fant 
the three rs of reddit repost , reuse , recycle . 
what do you call fapping to dubstep ? wubbing one out . 
how about putting that screaming kid on vibrate 
meta a word on 9 11 jokes . 
i told the cop i was an upstanding citizen but i was really lying 
how did isis do on their french test ? they bombed it ... 
have you ever answered your own question ? why yes , i have ! 
i already have a date for valentine's day february 14th 
pizza . it's what separates us from the animals . 
why do blurry people always ask me if i'm drunk ? 
who makes the most money from father's day ? my psychologist . 
why was lindsay lohan feeling sleepy ? he was buying drinks . 
i've been busy . what are we unnecessarily outraged about now ? 
why couldn't jesus waterski ? because he never existed . 
strings are usually pretty straight unless they're knot 
neighbor a combination of horse and pig 
i'm here to tell you the truth about trump voters ! deluded 
why didn't the rabbit like his beer ? not enough hops 
what would a video game about an abortion nurse be called ? womb raider 
my favorite new social app is turning off my phone . 
i'm single because i'm pretty good at recognizing crazy . 
a sadist doctor keeps his stethoscope in a fridge 
what the opposite of progress ? congress 
i knew she'd been working at the foundry ... because i smelter . 
i'd have to say , on a scale from 1 to pee ... urinate 
what kind of undergarments do mermaids wear ? an algebra 
yo mama so skinny she turned sideways and dissapeared . 
minesweeper what hitler called his cleaning lady . 
what is dracula's favorite pudding ? leeches and scream . 
i find whiteboards to be absolutely fascinating . they're remarkable . 
my cat is out of control ! taming wild cats by claud face 
i hate going to liquor stores . everyone wines about everything . 
movie idea : lohan . bynes . statham . death race 2 
what's a specimen ? a spanish astronaut 
what's a sailor's favorite kind of knot ? it's a tie . 
really discouraging that there's still bald people in sci fi movies . 
the new linkin park album 
i thought white noise was the sound of people complaining at starbucks . 
this mop seemed a lot more exciting on the infomercial . 
hulu coming to ps3 . finally i can watch tv on my tv . 
what did the german say to the abundance of old memes vielen dank 
amd hardware aren't for weaklings only for people who can handle the heat ! 
donald trump says us should let china keep seized underwater drone oops wrong sub 
why did the rope not get any presents ? because he was knotty . 
life hack : never actually say the words life hack out loud . 
why are mountain jokes the best ? because they're hillarious 
why is outer space so clean ? it's a vacuum ! 
whenever you find four priests ... you'll find a fifth . 
i should become a bomb specialist ... it's a booming industry . heh . 
just went to a really emotional wedding . even the cake was in tiers 
my kid sold your honor student a quarter ounce of oregano . 
what soup weighs the most ? wanton soup . i'll leave now . 
what is a dolphins favorite ingredient ? all porpoise flour . 
how does a vampire enter his house ? through the bat flap . 
what is programmers favorite wine ? yellow tail 
it's gonna be ok . 
directions to take a 1000 mile journey step 1 
how do you keep men on their toes ? raise the urinals 
at what age does ryan gosling have to change his name to ryan goose 
if spider man eats too much fruit he squirts silly string . 
i made a miniature lemon - lime pie ... it was a little tart 
what's the only positive from living in the ghetto ? pregnancy tests 
i only wanted one duran . 
school buses are the clock blockers of my morning commute . 
how to keep idiot waiting ? i'll tell tomorrow . 
want to know how to annoy someone who has ocd ? 
i'm not slurring , i'm speaking in cursive . 
my friend was a pro at russian roulette he only lost once . 
what are the two saddest words of the english language ? what party ? 
i was gonna tell a holocaust joke but i ran out of gas . 
my dog is completely exhausted from destroying everything in my house 
note from angry neighbor above and appropriate army vet response below 
it takes 10 , 000 bumper stickers to create just one vegan . 
why don't programmers like nature ? because it has too many bugs 
po . st blog jobs 
shoulder blades sound way more awesome than they are . 
does anyone see this ? test post please respond 
what kind of rice puts you to sleep ? ray rice 
i want my coffee like my life : dark , short and bitter . 
www . google . corn 
i am not fat i'm just making a very successful recovery from anorexia . 
who is the most powerful ghoul ? judge dread . 
angry mimes give each other the talking treatment . 
isis isn't cool ... it's radical ! 
what's a pirate's favorite letter ? 7 pirates are illiterate . 
how much do deer nuts cost ? under a buck 
i have a bomb . edit : this blew up . 
on medication is the best time to operate heavy machinery 
only a woman can make you a millionaire if you are a billionaire . 
why did the christmas tree get thrown in prison ? treeson . 
what was helen keller's favourite colour ? corduroy . 
so , lieutenant dan walks into a bar ... 
a patella throws a party because he's fun - knee 
breaking : fox news reports obama is no longer a suspect . 
after a disappointing summer , humpty dumpty ended up having a great fall . 
i once met a republican feminist she told me to czech my privilege . 
what do you call a horse who goes freerunning ? sarah jessica parkour 
if athletes get athletes foot . what do astronauts get ? missile toe 
people are always weirded out when i take notes during episodes of dexter . 
r jokes won the international green awards ! 96 recycled content . 
what do germans say when you show them a meme ? danke . 
the flash was caught high ... he seemed to have taken speed . 
why is everyone in an internet cafe hungry ? server not found . 
where do you go when you need a sperm donation ? sasha grey's mouth 
what is an astronaut's favorite meal ? * launch * 
i have conversational ninja skills ... people don't notice when i'm talking . 
who hasn't had somalian food ? somalian children 
trunk dweeting . brb 
serving weak coffee should be a criminal offense . 
plot twist : the rock isn't kid rock's real dad . 
i had a fight with my imaginary girlfriend she was never there 
what does a gorilla attorney study ? the law of the jungle ! 
what is an angel's favorite font ? sans seraph 
my only fetish is for pasta i guess you could call it fetichinni ... 
at first i didn't like beards , but then they grew on me 
the opposite of spongebob squarepants is towelweave circleshorts 
why isn't there a jared's for boys ? oh wait , there is . 
what do you say when your photo's being taken give it back 
most women don't know where to look when they're eating a banana . 
nowadays people know the price of everything , but the value of nothing . 
throws wine bottle into vineyard " go , be with your family . " 
why was the cop absent from work ? he had swine flu 
what kind of back problem did the terrorist have ? scoli - isis 
what has 7 letters and makes only redditers mad ? deleted 
why did the bee get married ? he found his honey ! 
people in california be like tree down walkway closed ! 
still in love with various hypothetical women . 
what does the average cat say ? mu 
girls in thailand are like a box of chocolates some of them have nuts 
hello tumblr , i'm moon landing fictionkin 
just finished typing this tweet . 
that show " intervention " should just be called " haters " 
if it ain't broke , i haven't borrowed it yet . 
how do a neckbeard's cells divide ? by m'to sis 
what do you call the smallest joke database in the world ? r jokes 
knock - knock who's there ? meg white's most intricate beat . 
how does dracula eat his food ? in * bite * size pieces 
how do you piss off reddit ? deleted 
what was hitler's greatest accomplishment ? he killed hitler 
what game is in schrodinger's xbox ? dead or alive 
what do you call the line at a vietnamese restaurant ? pho queue ! 
i from korea hi 
lethal tasers can be a real buzzkill . 
why do witches have stiff joints ? they get broomatism ! 
does rapunzel use the shampoo " head shoulders , knees toes . " 
i think that the nsa is after me because i'm snowden after this blizzard 
how much did harambe drink in the bar ? just a couple of shots 
her cooking is so bad , it would make medicine sick ! 
oh and just fyi ... . the bags under my eyes are louis vuitton 
don't judge women by kilos , and you won't be judged by centimeters . 
what's darth vader's favorite mineral ? co - pper 
zelda is a web browser because link appears in it . 
fun prank make them study for 18 years then don't give them jobs 
what was the difference between c and vb about 6 months . 
ingredients for an apocalypse salad edive , thyme 
guy playing chess with his central european lover " czech and mate " 
another international ninja day went completely unnoticed . 
what kinda meat does a priest eat on friday ? nun 
let's begin by pushing a nickleback album onto every isis phone . 
playing with silly putty is like chewing gum for your hands . 
who sung ? sam . samsung 
if you want breakfast in bed , sleep in the kitchen . 
white girl frustrated in the 1700's : " i shan't even " 
i only like two kinds of pie hot and cold 
what kind of medicine do bears take ? bayer asprin 
" how " - dyslexic owl 
what was mozart's first movement ? his bowels . 
when in canada , what is bruce lee's favorite vegetable ? carrot - eh 
you hear about all of these refugees ? sounds like a syria's problem . 
what did the mathematician and the dentist talk about ? calculus 
what's the scariest thing in geometry ? a vicious circle . 
i'm not as tweet as you drunk i am think . 
less than 3 of the world's mantis population are atheists . 
best relationship advice : make sure you're the crazy one . 
what's the first rule of bug ownership ? watch your step ! 
i know a joke ... that's so dark the police almost shot it . 
why don't hydrocarbons make good criminals ? they're always getting com - busted . 
" our toes look nothing like that ! " - camels 
what happened when dr frankenstein swallowed some uranium ? he got atomic ache . 
my sons consider " it's bedtime " my first offer in the negotiation process 
what are filipinos horror stories ? crispy pata 
me loud music wildly dancing like no one ever imagined . 
what kind of code does a volcano use to make its website ? htmelt 
" traaains " - traveling zombies 
jimmy cracked cocaine , and suddenly everyone cared . 
so a bunch of women were playing basketball 
you'd think being in a pickle would be a good thing . 
me : i'm happy right now . life : lol one sec 
i've never been carded at a forever 21 . 
* gives your eulogy after inhaling helium * 
can we please ... stop beating a dead gorilla . 
where is dracula's american office ? the vampire state building . 
would headphones get tangled in space ? no , they would knot 
there's a cure for kleptomania ! they make a pilfer that . 
what did the chemist say when hr found 2 isotopes of helium ? hehe 
why do the french stink ? so blind people can hate them too 
my next job http : imgur . com r3dfihq 
why can't cats live on mars ? because curiosity kills the cat . 
why do philosophers love the ocean so much ? because it's deep ! 
five out of four people have a problem with fractions 
why are terrorists so mean ? because they don't like nice people . 
lobsters would be proud of themselves if they knew how expensive they were 
please stop telling me how poor you are via twitter for iphone 
what's the difference between bill cosby and a rap artist art 
my love comes with more terms and conditions than itunes . 
what makes food go bad ? bacteria spoiler 
what's captain picard's favorite game system ? n - gage 
sorry i called your baby an " it " 
yo mama's teeth are so yellow that when she smiles traffic slows down . 
i had three girlfriends once and that was the worst recess ever . 
i went to shake the old man's hand but parkinson's beat me to it 
i almost got a job with sony but the interview was cancelled 
i bet hipster zombies just act like regular people . 
what is a 4 person rock group that doesn't play music mount rushmore 
did you hear the last chris brown's song featuring rihanna ? it's a hit 
why did dracula miss lunch ? because he didn't fancy the stake . 
the patriots must be feeling pretty deflated right about now . 
turtle porcupine slowpoke 
what did fettuccine say to rigatoni ? que pasta ? 
first person to build a clock had no idea how long it took . 
donald trump will run for president ... when the cubs win world series . 
what's red and invisible ? no tomatoes . 
phones are fake they're phony . 
billion dollar idea : child - cancelling headphones 
taken single depends on how drunk i am . 
the orphan sat there , apparently . get it ? a - parently . 
i wish you could click " save as " on puppies 
seals are just dog mermaids . 
where do people in ghana go to watch football ? the ghanarena 
what's an actuary ? an accountant without the sense of humour . 
why do pillows work ? cause they're white 
blue collar work where does the blue collar chicken work ? the eggplant . 
why did kelly clarkson cross the road ? because of you . 
i can't wait for the season finale of ... ... america . 
what is bruce jenner's nephew's favorite movie ? aunt man 
alan rickman lost in the woods , leaving a trail of perfectly pronounced words 
what's hodor's favorite cereal ? raisin bran 
if we get pulled over this beer is yours . - dads 
a group of kittens is called a litter because kittens are garbage 
apparently the capital of israel is totally impoverished . it's a real jerusaslum 
i hate feeling bad about feeling good about feeling bad . 
brunos are from mars , freddies are from mercury . 
where do bourgeois monarchists get their coffee ? tsarbucks 
how much power does a hearse have ? 1 corpsepower 
citizen of a secretive dictatorship - ama ! this user has been jailed 
if a crocodile makes shoes what does a banana make ? slippers ! 
tifu by buying a pt cruiser 
how do farmers party ? they turnip the beets . 
how do blind people know when they're done wiping ? 
everyone's a genius until faced with an alien coffee maker 
the population of ireland keeps expanding exponentially it just keeps dublin and dublin 
what do grammar nazis order at burger king ? two whoppers junior 
if people say that love finds you ... then i must be waldo . 
where do astronauts leave their spacecraft ? at parking meteors . 
what caused captain morgan's shipwreck ? he was on the rocks . 
when is my wife's favorite day to make love ? tomorrow 
why doesn't india celebrate halloween ? no gandhi 
pregnancy tests make me wish peeing on things answered more questions . 
what was sonic's diet advice to mario ? gotta go fast 
i'll keep my women like flo jo ... ... . dead 
shoutout to amy winehouse she's been drug free for 5 years now 
why are monkeys such great friends ? because they're prime mates ! 
what tribe is your bicep from ? 
my review of the sun one star 
what is a sheep with no legs ? a cloud . 
how do you make an egg roll ? you push it 
i avoid making eye contact like my loneliness depends on it . 
guy fieri sisters name is girl fieri 
i am a art major leave me a loan 
tupperware : when you want to throw out your food some other day . 
what has 5 teeth and 60 eyes ? a bus full of old people 
what kind of ring is the least exciting ? a boring 
what type of math is dead ? aerith - matic . . 
how do i know you're getting laid tonight i'm stronger than you 
i'm thinking of maybe giving up on my olympic dream . 
what do you call a pokemon who is trying to quit smoking ? vaporeon 
why can't clocks keep secrets ? because , time will always tell . 
my favorite caesar quote . " pizza ! pizza ! " 
when i go outside in the winter ... i like to put my codon 
people stuck in an elevator called for help . they were let down . 
what did putin say to ukraine ? crimea river . 
why do people who drink milk struggle to walk ? because they lactose . 
dating tip : surprise the woman you are courting with a bouquet of cats 
i've never had a better karate instructor than a spider web . 
whats so great about banging 26 year olds ? there's 20 of em 
2 secrets to success 1 never tell everything you know 
always remember your abc's anybody but clinton ! 
i'm working on my second million i finally gave up on the first . 
what's jon snow's favorite children's book ? where the wildlings are 
it's nice to feel wanted . even if it's by the fbi . 
your joke is factually incorrect - a guide to dying alone . 
how do you make halloween great again ? by carving a trumpkin 
why should you never run behind a bus ? you will get exhausted . 
a woman was doing a great job driving ... 
what did the vampire say to the teacher ? see you next period ! 
toddlers always feel like the floor of a movie theater . 
i'll never forget my grandfather's dying words ... " aaaahhhh ! " 
if you ever meet a girl named stone ... don't take her for granite 
chuck norris can divide by zero . 
what cat purrs more than any other ? purrsians ! 
i got sick at the airport my doctor said it was terminal 
when they buried the man who invented tetris ... the whole cemetery disappeared . 
what do you call a very cold vodka ? absolut zero 
man's just been jailed for stealing an advent calender he got 24 days 
my parents never buy me anything - sent from iphone 6 
what do trump voters use as bookmarks ? lit matches . 
what has 10 letters and starts with gas ? an automobile 
what does an american call a canadian dollar ? a quarter . 
why did freud hurt his shoulder ? he made a freudian slip 
creativity is great , but plagiarism is faster . 
too poor for whole foods too ugly for walmart 
alton towers changed its name ! to leg - go land 
how did isis become so powerful ? they got a head 
who fills in for the president of russia when he's on leave ? deputin 
why did the dorito feel left out ? cause he didn't chip in ! 
what's better than cheese ? a cheese grater 
stevie wonder's housekeepers probably don't do a damn thing all day long . 
tower : cannot read you say again ! pilot : again ! 
why is hitler vegetarian because he burnt all his meat ! 
banana starts with a b but normally starts with a n . 
aliurophile jokes i hope u enjoy also submit yours to this 
why should optometrists never tell jokes ? because they're too cornea . 
how do you tell if lady gaga is dead ? you poker face ! 
i'm a fighter not a lover i'd rather beat guys off than love them 
why did mickey mouse get shot in the foxhole ? because donald ducked . 
boomerangs are australia's largest export . and import . 
girl are you a school ? because i wanna shoot some kids in you 
what's the most popular type of car in turkey ? coupe 
who is patrick swayze's favorite author ? wodehouse ! 
my mother retired and moved into a cvs . 
what's a communist's favourite beverage ? leninade 
where does batman go to get a haircut ? batman - do 
" we are the 1 ! " - people on myspace 
where did the mistletoe go to become rich and famous ? hollywood . 
it seems those trump supporters ... have some egg on their faces 
what's brown and sticky ? the remains of an overused punchline 
what's the only type of seafood that sean connery won't share ? shelfish 
my girlfriend is a game girl and i'm the game boy 
i once tried starting a private airline business but it never took off 
my inferiority complex has a pool and tennis courts . 
donald trump has a new book coming out the art of the feel 
so , i was looking around for some vacuum ... 
what brand of car would the roadrunner be ? jeep jeep 
i hate the term " hipster " it's too mainstream 
let's head over to the barber shop and make hair angels on the floor 
what does a thesaurus eat for breakfast ? a synonym roll ! 
today my girlfriend offered to finger me i was deeply touched . 
request some computer jokes . 
on reddit , nothing is more suspenseful for me than ... deleted 
maybe the mayans were talking about hockey 
why do fencers love reddit ? because of all the * ripostes * 
my dad got fired from the local calendar shop he kept taking days off 
rogue one spoilers what is the empire's favorite kind of font ? sans scarif 
what do you call a all female flight crew ? a box office 
overactive bladder hotline . can you hold please ? 
how can you double your money ? look at it in a mirror . 
facebook is a good reminder that i went to school with idiots . 
what did the farmer tell the hoe ? let's get dirty . 
what's a zombie's favorite pop song ? dead sails in the sunset . 
how do you draw an overwatch character ? you tracer . 
these microwaved pot stickers taste like fixed income . 
sorry i rubbed your belly for good luck , wealth and prosperity . 
the best joke ever * insert story here * * insert punchline here * 
save some a's for the rest of the animal kingdom , aardvarks . 
small cars are the best ones only smart people will get this 
are you an exception ? i bet i can catch you . 
why dont applebees employees wear watches ? cuz theres a clock on the microwave 
2016's been bad ! but today is definitely the darkest ! 
i've always wondered what lice do to you it's a real head scratcher 
if men had periods our commercials would be awesome ... 
twitter is proof that people should not be allowed to name themselves . 
the marines are a department of the navy ... the men's department 
at a smucker's family reunion ... ... there is at least one mother smucker 
how i got over my procastination ... i will tell you later 
what do programmers hate more than fat women ? fat fingers 
hey , i'll sleep when i'm dead . also tonight . 
who is joseph kony's favorite rapper ? soulja boy 
waiter : is pepsi ok ? pepsi : i'm fine . 
birds wouldn't be so smug in zero gravity , i bet 
i'm rich what am i supposed to do , hide it ? 
why do bicycles fall over ? because they are two tired . 
what was nero's favorite kind of sandwich ? a plebeian j 
what does an octopus take on a camping trip ? tentacles ! 
why are peruvians always deported ? because they can't peruve they're citizens 
donald trump doesn't play in the stock market . he prefers junk blondes . 
someone needs to tell attractive people that their stories are boring . 
how did donald trump know he had an std ? because he was fired 
what's cheaper than a wall ? landmines . 
what do you call a young plastic covered sheep ? laminated 
i don't know what i'd do without twitter . probably my work . 
how do you convey body language ? with your figure of speech 
how do angels greet each other ? they say halo . 
what is the first name of mr rafone ? mike . 
call me old fashioned , but i'm dying of smallpox . 
what is mexico's national sport ? cross country 
i sleep naked because i want burglars to feel weird . 
if the answer to all questions is yes , so why not ? 
please stop looking so hot , i'm trying to stop liking you . 
what's a seal's favorite drink ? canadian club on the rocks . 
how do you make a witch scratch ? remove the w 
a real " nonstop flight " would be terrifying . 
why was the eunich squirrel unhappy ? because he had no nuts . 
how do you make a tissue dance ? put a little boogie into it 
i don't dance . unless it's for money . 
how do you make god laugh ? tell him your plans . 
how are tigers like sergeants in the army ? they both wear stripes ! 
my proctologist gave me two thumbs up . which i did not appreciate . 
whats the difference between a duck ? one foots both the same ! 
damon lindelof and carlton cuse to join search for malaysia airlines flight 370 
just bought a copy of a talking holy book an audibible . 
in canada , she's kilometery cyrus . 
" nailed it . " - inventor of crucifixion 
why'd the squirrel fall out of the tree ? because it was dead . 
let's all meet at bp headquarters and pee in their lobby . 
what is not a truck crashing into people ? nice . 
it should be illegal for shipping handling to cost more than the product 
how are synagogues like lemons ? they're full of acidic juice . 
i accidently swallowed some scrabble tiles my next dump could spell disaster 
what are snails trying to do ? their best 
if hitler had a pet , what would it be ? a dolphin 
interrupts the wedding vows it's open bar right ? 
poison control sounds pretty easy . most poisons can't even move . 
what is whitney houstons favorite type of coordination ? haaaannnnnnd eeeeyyyyyyyyeeeeeeee 
what's brown and hides in the attic ? the diarrhea of anne frank 
if history repeats itself , i'm totally getting a dinosaur . 
my greek friend just got charged with necrophilia his name was nick fukadacarkas 
who is the bees favourite singer ? sting ! 
you're in love ? cool , i'm in sweatpants . 
why chicken commit suicide ? to get to the other side . 
an unemployed engineer ... if engineer employed print " meh " else make_a_stupid_joke 
chuck norris can't play life . his is too complicated 
which two regions have the most people named john ? sea na 
mayweather's formula of victory victory hugs runs * 12 
join the army , meet interesting people , and kill them . 
when i tickle my imaginary friend , people think im casting spells 
ringing the doorbell ... . ... don't knock it til you've tried it . 
dont like dogs they can be a bit ruff ! 
what idiot called it tinted windows instead of a drug car tell 
how to ride an escalator step 1 . 
i call my printer bob marley . because it's always jammin . 
are " authorities " ever not " baffled ? " 
the best things in life are free . stealing is awesome . 
what kind of snake is useful on your windscreen ? a viper ! 
if others are jealous , you're doing something right . 
mark zuckerberg stole facebook from my friend , craig facebook 
what is the beatles favourite social media site ? reddit be 
" just do it " - nike alcohol 
what does a snowman eat for dinner ? ice - burgers . 
how does a pig write home ? with a pig pen . 
i just borrowed 20 from my teenage daughter . she's such an idiot . 
why didn't the bunny hop ? no bunny knows ... : 
two guys are busted stealing a calender the both got 6 months 
in ww2 my granddad broke the enigma code ... machine . 
what's the president's favorite vegetable ? barackoli 
where are opie and anthony from ? ethiopia 
the real reason the mayan civilization collapsed is they never updated their adobe . 
what do you do when your girlfriend starts smoking ? use a lubricant 
what's my favourite kind of trans - fat ? chaz bono 
sad news about the michelin man . . he's retyred . . 
why did darwin love css ? because children inherit properties from their parents . 
tumblr actually likes preston garvey that's it , that's the joke . 
how does harry houdini tell people to steal stuff ? straight jack it . 
which lord mayor of london was always on the internet ? click whittington 
bunch of good one - liners 
i bought a timeshare on a racehorse . it's a nightmare . 
are you pudgey ? cause you have me hooked ! 
i'm a really down to earth guy because , you know , gravity . 
i'm so depressed , radiohead is cheering me up . 
like if you've already broke one of your new year's resolutions . 
what do you call a cheap maid uniform ? maid in china . 
whats about 9 inches and makes a woman scream ? cot death . 
what does snoop dogg keep in his backyard ? his garden hoes . 
we can't help everyone , but everyone can help someone . 
why isn't thunder called soundning 
i tried to duck it , but i just wasn't quack ! enough . 
what is jesus favorite video game on earth ? i am bread . 
number one rule as a snake charmer , never fall in love . 
ha ha ! clinton - dix 
what kind of donuts did bob marley prefer ? the ones with jam in 
for sale : dwarf jacuzzi can also be used as a foot spa . 
every adele song is about lasagna . 
hey , people " liking " walmart on facebook - you ok ? 
why was the facebook post redundant ? because i already reddit 
why would you go to a psychiatrist ? when you can just kill yourself 
i got some used paint in the shape of a house . 
what is michael j fox's favourite song ? shake it off by tayler swift 
* rises out of ball pit * thanks for agreeing to meet me here 
where do russian cows come from ? moscow ! 
" voop voop voop voop voop voop voop voop voop . " - corduroys 
congratulations west ham the only club named after two things that isis hate . 
i met a girl called simile . i don't know what i metaphor . 
what is a red haired persons favorite alcohol ? ginger ale 
my sister lost her voice and told me this joke 
pun megathread post your punniest , worst , most awful puns here 
just because you're offended , doesn't mean you're right . 
what would you find on a german fire truck ? ladder - hosen 
did you hear obtuse angle lost weight ? he looks all right now . 
in soviet russia , romans do as we do . 
what does the alcoholic drink when he complains wine kinda sorry 
if procrastionation was an olympic sport , i'd compete in it later . 
can you think of any snake jokes ? because i serpently can't . 
why did hitler visit the optometrist so much ? cause he could nazi 
riot's responce to sandbox mode edit : response 
whitney houston is 3 years sober ! wow ! never thought it would happen 
what's richard nixon's favorite game ? i spy . 
how does michael j fox take his martinis ? shaken . not stirred 
what would you call a restaurant for anorexics ? the empty plate ... 
bathroom joke what's the difference between sanctuary and prison ? toilet paper . 
what type of rock is this holmes ? it's sedimentary my dear watson ! 
i hate when i can't find a decent status update to steal . 
people : are you single ? me : no i'm album 
what happens if you put a mirror in a garage ? a mirage ! 
what celebrity never payed with a cheque or credit ? johnny cash . 
my husband still waves to policemen like a 5 year old . 
one tectonic plated bumped into another ... " sorry my fault " 
pretty sure marriage was invented to help people overcome their fear of death . 
pokemon go run errands with your mom . 
klondike bars , hitler did it for one 
i'm a champion of grammar a grampion , if you will . 
i like turntablism . some of the samples really speak to me . 
i won a swimsuit contest the other day i ate 57 swimsuits 
kim jong un walks into a bar ... removed 
how do you hire a horse ? put a brick under each hoof ! 
what does spiderman like to get high on ? mary jane 
they say abs are made in the kitchen but i can only make rolls 
i wish i had the balls to be a juggler . 
kum amp go ejaculate amp evacuate 
so i found out today that i have alzheimer's ... 
you call it lightning . i call it targeted airstrikes . 
trust us : the feminine form of ghostbuster is ghostbuster . 
when life gives you chlamydia , make lemon chlamydia ? 
heres a funny one . womens rights s 
what do you call an illegally parked frog ? toad 
not sure if my cooking skills have improved or taste buds have adapted . 
why does steve irwin hate sunblock ? it doesn't protect from harmful rays 
family vacation is when you listen to your kids cry someplace expensive . 
ke ha is what would happen if a garbage can came to life . 
of ten puns , how many won ? no pun in ten did . 
what do people call bob the builder when he's not building anything ? bob 
what do you call an italian at the world cup finals ? a referee 
dear microsoft office word i am pretty sure i spelled my name correct 
spoiler alert : this milk expired five days ago 
why didn't sug knight talk to the police ? because the g is silent 
what idiot decided it should be my foot's asleep instead of coma toes ? 
dear board of education ... so are we . - sincerely , the students 
i hate in your end . o . innuendo 
what do bristol palin and the virgin mary have in common ? 
" reality is for people who can't use the internet . " 
what are rich people called in japan ? milyennaires 
i swear my toddler yells at me in vietnamese 
i'm old enough to remember being the tv remote . 
what kind of television do horses like ? saddle - lite tv 
why can't i eat just one cookie and be happy ? ? ? 
who's this " moderation " people keep telling me to drink with ? 
why didn't the vegan gamble at the meat raffle ? didn't want a brisket 
q : what do you call dirt ? a : dirty . 
in the words of my dead grandmother ... 
what do you call a flesh light powered by your smartphone ? ifap 
old navy commercials give us a glimpse of hell 
north korean submarine accidentally destroys another north korean submarine woops , wrong sub 
can someone's face be a pet peeve ? 
1 joke voted by australia my life 
how do lions like their steaks ? rawr 
why was ke ha arrested ? tik tok on the clock 
what's wrong with a joke containing cobalt , radon and yttrium ? it's corny 
what cell phone service do stormtroopers use ? at amp at . 
i just strangled a mime with a cordless phone . 
what's m . night shyamalan's favorite flavor of ice cream ? twist 
i'm going to name my son glove being handy will come to him naturally 
technically all breakfasts are continental , unless you eat them in the ocean . 
what is a hipster's favorite element ? fe , because it's so ironic 
what did the burglar give his wife for her birthday ? a stole . 
chuck norris favorite cereal is kellogg's nails n gravel . 
are you a can of mountain dew ? cause i'd mountain dew you . 
what's the difference between me and my couch ? my couch pulls out . 
thirty years ago , marco rubio was bitten by a radioactive doormat . 
what do you call two men from paraguay ? par a guays ! 
do you like him like him , or just facebook like him ? 
looks like balls scrotesque . 
anton chekhov brought his gun to work he was fired . 
i enjoy quaint , old - fashioned customs like being nice to people . 
it's me and pamela handerson again this valentine's day ... 
sometimes i go on webmd to see what i'm currently dying of . 
lpt don't order the wrong thing for your wife at subway oops wrong sub 
using my invisible hula hoop really freaks people out . 
what's the most ghetto cheese ? e - dayyyyyyyyyymn edam 
what's the difference between santa and tiger woods ? santa stops at three ho's 
i just can't stand it when people make jokes about crippled people . 
where do rabbits like to eat breakfast ? ihop ! 
what'd you call a german businessman ? an enterpreneuer . 
the best part of necrophilia you don't have to bring flowers 
* pets your eyebrows * there , there caterpillar everything will be ok 
money talks but all mine ever says is good - bye . 
what is it called when an exchange student goes to malaysia ? euthanasia . 
what's your favorite city in china ? taiwan 
what's an apple scottish self - aware computer called ? i , mac . 
do you think george clooney has an itunes playlist called clooney tunes ? 
i brake for perpetual goddamn construction on i - 16 . 
if monday had a face , i'd punch it . 
you must enjoy this food ! it's a required taste . 
what is a dentist's office ? a filling station . 
what is a tornado ? mother nature doing the twist ! 
what kind of luggage does a vulture bring on a plane ? carrion . 
why did the pasta join a dating website ? because he was cannelloni . 
there is no reason to hit a woman ! lol , just kidding 
what gym equipment does jesus use ? a cross trainer . 
who is the rudest person in my mathematical family ? aunt sally 
what do you call tubing in winnipeg ? mani - tubing 
how do scientists freshen their breaths ? ex * spearmints * 
what do you call a 350 pound stripper ? broke 
in the year 2065 , old men will say bae 
what do you call a country ruled by dank memes ? kappatalism 
what is the most popular hacking tool preferred by hackers in bangladesh ? machetes 
happy birthday , jesus ! the lawn looks great , thanks ! 
saying the punchline after the setup what's the key to a good joke ? 
sometimes i just go to work for the free internet . 
imho i miss hall oates 
who is the poorest in england ? the tooth fairy ! 
* strips buck naked * buck : give me back my clothes ! 
you know what's weird ? i've never seen any femail boxes . 
i was about make a sodium joke ... but na 
ancient aliens 
wind farms ... . . i'm a big fan ! 
the 2016 presidential race nuff said . 
why does lebron james drive automatic ? he has no clutch . 
what's a pirates favourite letter ? p , because without it they're irate 
people who aren't funny get offended by jokes . 
don't tease fat girls elephants never forget . 
why can't spooky skeletons cross the road ? no guts . 
what's a feminists favourite type of math ? triggernometry 
where do you find a quadriplegic ? where you last left him . 
more outlets please , anyone planning on building anything anywhere . 
what's long , hard and covered in blood ? the boston marathon ! 
report : scientist walks in on climate changing , awkwardness ensues 
why didn't jfk ever like vodka ? because he couldn't handle a few shots 
money doesnt grow on trees ? so then why do banks have branches ? 
chuck norris once put a forest fire out by spitting on it . 
why do green beans meditate ? to find inner peas ! 
why are you baking octopus ? so i can get octopi . 
what's the most evil thing a human being can do ? 
show someone you love them today by rearranging the apps on their phone . 
how does james bond prefer his women ? shaven , not furred 
i like my girls like my file system ... fat and 16 . 
why did hitler really kill himself because he couldn't pay his gas bill 
no amount of minority filled commercials can ruin red lobster for me . 
what are pee wee herman's favorite baseball teams ? yanks and the expos 
if you set fire to lmfao they'll become rotflmao . 
my father was in the holocaust , he fell of a guard tower ! 
my cousins baby child keeps pointing at me and saying cat 
why didn't the melons get married ? they were cantaloupes . 
everything men know about women 
i'd make a wind pun but it blows . . 
tangled earbuds are the new rubik's cube . 
i made a girl wet yesterday . i took away her umbrella . 
no , you get the hell off your property . 
why didn't dicaprio laugh at oscar joke ? because he didn't get it . 
the british pound ? you mean the british ounce . 
where do sith lords go to shop ? the darth mall . 
nutella is made with hazelnuts , milk , real cocoa and pure evil . 
just took a huge nicolas cage movie . 
where does one apply to be a " kept man " ? 
why are dyslexia kids scared of christmas ? satan comes down the chimney . 
nothing cuts deeper than an insult with bad grammar and a spelling mistake . 
what do you call the dollar tree stores in britain ? pound town 
family cookouts are spent telling me to " stop ... don't say that " 
i got stung by an applebee and now i'm going into bananaphylactic shock . 
what is a feminists favorite branch of mathematics ? triggernometry 
i've started a time travellers club the first meeting will be yesterday at 5pm 
i ate too many rowing paddles now i feel oar - full 
tifu i picked up somebody else's sandwich at subway ooops , wrong sub ! 
why is spider - man a bad boyfriend ? he's super clingy . 
christmas tree's for single mom's just big enough for her to carry by herself 
what do you call an irish milkshake ? mashed potatoes ... 
she said she wanted to see other people so i bought a disguise 
what pronouns do you use to address a chocolate bar ? her she 
i'd tell you a good chemistry joke but all the good ones argon . 
how do you spell candy with two letters ? c and y 
what is a catholic's favorite weapon ? nun - chucks . 
what's better than a paradox ? a pair of nurses 
what are mitt romney's favorite shoes ? flip flops 
murphysnowden law of fluid dynamics everything leaks out eventually . 
how long should you microwave fish for ? tuna half minutes . 
we don't swerve blondes here 
being human is ok , but i wish there were alternatives . 
he who laughs last is probably just really high . 
why couldn't the potato get off the couch ? because it was baked . 
i love waking up to the sound of birds arguing with their spouses . 
are you from russia ? cause i'm putin deez nuts on yo face . 
having dinner with my phone and some people . 
i'm angry that only one company makes the game monopoly . 
* accidentally deletes a tweet * my literature ! 
did you hear about the failed origami shop ? if folded . 
what's a wombat for ? for playing wom 
wanna know my new year's resolution ? 4k , baby . 
if horses could talk i reckon they'd mostly just say get off me . 
whoever named the ewe really didn't like female sheep 
why is rotten egg the best comedian ? he's got a funny yolk . 
ciger : close but no cigar . 
i'm beginning to suspect i might have bad posture call it a hunch 
low self esteem group meeting please use the back door 
q : how do elephants smell ? a : really bad . 
what do you call a spring break whore ... ... a slip inside 
facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored . 
crimea river crimea river - putin 
don't do drugs without me 
why can't blind kids have imaginary friends ? their i's don't work 
chris brown only listens to his music . . on his beats by dre 
want to hear a construction joke ? it's not finished yet . 
did your world end today ? mayan didn't 
r jokes also went private , but not the whole thing just jokes ! 
spain now have the messiest prisons in the world . no messing . 
fools cosa rara 
what do you call people who hang out with musicians ? drummers 
what do children in north korea study for a science ? kimistry 
what do you call a fat taylor swift ? taylor not so swift 
i like the nsa they're the only government agency that listens 
i've built a labyrinth for my pigs . it's ham - mazing . 
no officer , my car was already upside down when i got here . 
donald trump tells a joke to hillary clinton it was hillaryous 
what's imaginary that my girlfriend and i afraid to forget ? my girlfriend 
secret : something which is told to one person at a time . 
where's the best place to go on the first date ? all the way 
billion dollar idea : a phone that charges using body fat ! 
population control : make birth control a psychedelic . you're welcome . 
what car do people drive in norway when it floods ? the fjord escape 
why was the paper man sent to jail ? he was caught rustling . 
i'm not stalking you . i'm getting to know you behind your back . 
what do cats love to read . catalogs 
what do you call fish that taste two times as salty ? 2na 
why are there no walmarts in syria ? because they're all targets 
why is xena never charged with any crime ? because she's lucy lawless 
the gun that killed reddit went * * pao pao pao * * 
how do you make 7 even ? by removing the s 
i keep a length of dental floss inside my perpetually furrowed brow . 
damn jared back at it again with the white vans ! 
why is a river really rich ? it's got two banks . 
what was said the boiled waters funeral ? you will be mist . 
so , i hear islamic mysticism is all you need ... it's suficient . 
how do you advertise a motor home ? a trailer 
i don't repeat gossip so listen carefully the first time 
i used to work at a trampoline factory it had its ups and downs 
why is the number 6 always angry ? because 789 
life is like pizza . it makes you fat . 
why were the letters a - y banned ? they were all nazis 
contrary to the rest of america , twitter runs on drunken . 
what's whitney houston's favorite coordination ? hand eyyyyyyyyyyeeeeee ... ... 
snickers where r mah snickers 
i want to be the guy in a rap song that justs says yea 
15 year olds be like i remember 9 11 
what did the police officer want from the criminal store ? just ice . 
what do you do when a chemistry teacher dies ? barium 
why is it more expensive to use air pumps nowadays ? inflation 
what comes in pairs ? seeds 
what do you call bread from heaven ? 100 holy grain 
being calm is not something i rate . 
what happens if you pee on putin's head ? urine big trouble ... 
who took care of german army dogs after the war ? veteran aryans 
my brother is so immature he was a stillbirth 
we're out of toilet paper , also don't pet the cat . 
pimples are a rising issue and a pressing matter 
why are gangstas afraid of the rain ? cuz they roofless . 
what do you call a theatrical performance about puns ? a play on words 
ac jokes we're not a fan . 
which two names figure prominently in every ape's diet ? ben anna ! 
" on my way " i said , pretending to drive my bed . 
what do you call tiny batman ? lil wayne 
joke who wants hear a pun about ghosts ? 
what do all dogs get with their phones ? collar id 
what do you call a serial bail man . cereal flakes 
what do you call a whale that isn't wearing any underwear ? free willy 
why a centipede cannot fly coach ? not enough leg room ! 
i can turn anything into a boomerang just by throwing it straight up 
what do you call islamic death metal ? allahu rockbar . 
what is easier done than said ? 
what's serena williams favorite time of day ? ten - ish . 
here's a joke about procrastinating 
why do scientists love watching dog shows ? they appreciate good lab skills 
some people need a sympathetic pat on the head ... with a hammer . 
how do you pump a republican for information ? with a plunger . 
what kind of tv show do felines watch ? catoons 
what do people do in greece ? slip and slide around . 
how long does an owl live ? six and a half books . 
so a blind guy walks into a fish market ... and says hello ladys 
why are power tools good for bank robberies ? they know the drill . 
damn girl , did you fall from heaven ? because so did satan . 
sdkgnosdngosdg klm'gt mq rasmgladmgladmgladmngksdngksdnkgnadkfgnkasgnkpasngksangkasngkdsgksgnkdgnkdgk i just hacked the cia redacted 
best african soccer team ever ! the french national team ... 
what is worse than bad grammar ? pour grammar 
two crows sitting on a fence . attempted murder . 
want to know a 100 effective form of birth control ? abortion 0_o 
office scare prank 
what is the slowest ship ? a snail boat . 
how much does a hipster weigh ? ... . an instagram . 
what do frogs drink ? hot croako ! 
women are like a 1000 piece puzzle ... hard to finish in 10minutes 
everything always ends well . if not it's probably not the end . 
what does pingu say when he feels suicidal ? noose noose 
according to my mom , michael jackson died again . ripprince 
what do you call a computerized rock band ? ascii dscii 
what are a philosopher's favorite type of chips ? plato nachos 
what's hillary clinton's favorite christmas carol ? depends , what is yours ? 
cello green has t - rex arms . 
" i can't feel my legs " - - mermaids 
what part of the body never wins ? dafeat 
maybe someone just charmed the pants off of winnie the pooh . 
no one's laugh sounds like " bwahahaha . " no one . 
what do you call a partying hansen's disease patient ? a social leper . 
how will future generations contact beyonce's ghost ? they'll hold a beyonceance . 
just saw gravity . excuse me while i go hug the earth . 
get rich or die of poverty - related causes 
my liver works harder for two days than i do all week ... 
what would the rocks boyfriend be called ? fruity pebble . . 
i swear to drunk im not patrick . 
i had a rib removed so i could cry further into my lap 
where did the suicide bomber go when he died ? everywhere ! 
a bottle of food coloring jumped off a building ... it dyed . 
what sound does an octopus make ? a squid word . 
all racist jokes are the same if you've heard juan you heard jamal . 
my pessimism has never failed me , but i'm sure someday it will . 
why there is no windows 9 because 7 8 9 heehaww 
if only closed minds came with closed mouths . 
what do you call 2 crackers arguing ? white noise . 
yo mama so old her first christmas was the first christmas 
4 words donald trump presidential library 
fun fact for you ... 5 out of 4 people don't understand ratios ... 
what dog wears a white coat and does science experiments ? labs ! 
til the hard way that my toenails are stronger than my teeth . 
wow she actually noticed me ! time to pick a different tree . 
why should a man never bang his best friend ? he'll probably catch fleas 
i never really liked gravity ... ... it's always bringing me down . 
what's the most popular game at a nursing home ? guess who 
what did the wall say the the other wall meet you at the corner 
don't be easy to get because you'll be easy to forget . 
which nazi leader likes the bulls the most ? joseph gobulls ! 
my parents treat me like a god they dont believe in me 
what happened when the italian chef died he pasta way 
money isn't everything but it sure keeps you in touch with your children . 
what did the locomotive conductor crave once he became a zombie ? traaaiins ... 
what does an epileptic vegetarian eat ? seizure salad 
i like buddha he's a well rounded guy 
how does a turtle grate cheese ? shredder 
what is the captain of the starship enterprise's favorite drink ? picardi and coke 
some people are doing stuff with their lives ! ! let's mock them . 
i'll think of a good herb joke ... when i have some thyme 
what's 50 cents name in zimbabwe ? 400 million dollars 
what is a snakes favourite opera ? wriggletto ! 
did you hear about the rich rabbit ? he was a millionhare ! 
corny what does a highlighter say when it answers the phone ? yello ? 
apparently , david cameron can only be divided by himself , and one . 
what do cows say on halloween ? still moo . 
looking for a 1 for my wedding . 
they should have cell phone charges in waiting rooms instead of magazines . 
i've never liked new years at time square they always drop the ball 
today i read this book about alzheimer's it was about alzheimer's . 
i like my men like i like my laundry clean and hung 
how did the bootician style the ghost's hair ? with a scare dryer ! 
i'm gonna make you . org until you . com everywhere . 
me : i feel skinnier today ! scale : nope . 
dang girl are you a cs map ? cause you're looking de_licious tonight . 
brexit eu now has 1 gb of free space ! ! 
how often does an oriental farmer milk his cows ? dairy 
drinking hard liquor is ... pretty whisky business . 
what did the cowboy say upon entering the german dealership ? " audi " 
why is divorce so expensive ? who cares ? ? it's worth it ! 
eat right . stay fit . die anyway . 
i'm a homeless romantic 
interrupts brain surgeon yes , but i read on web md that 
what is a skywalker's preferred temperature ? lukewarm . i'll show myself out . 
what do u call a stereotypical vietnamese commie he is so - viet 
anyone can give a definition for erectile dysfunction ... it's not that hard . 
i am more pissed off than a dragon trying to blow out candles . 
guess what new york is going as for halloween ? new orleans ! 
knock knock who's there ? aren't you glad i didn't say banana ? 
dicaprio finally won an oscar ! ! ! sorry wrong sub ... 
throwing a grenade at someone who's taking a selfie is photobombing , right ? 
what's lil wayne's favorite pizza ? lil seizure 
minecraft releases a new movie critics say its a block buster ! 
why do abusive clowns make good comedians ? they just hit you funny . 
what animal gets applauded ? the mosquito . 
i've been training for the masturbation world record . i'm gonna beat it . 
we changed our dog's name to dad . because he kept running away 
what do you call a german guy wearing basketball shoes ? herr jordan 
my friends hate my cheese jokes . they said that they're no gouda 
my mind works like lightning . one brilliant flash and it's gone . 
hawaiian terrorists be like ... aloha akbar 
what's the best side to eat from a chicken ? the inside . 
what bone will a dog never eat a trombone 
still looking both ways on one - way streets . 
what do bees who are allergic to honey get ? hives . 
where do eggs keep their holidays pictures ? in a photo albumen ... 
what is pink and has seven dents in it ? snow white's virginity . 
rachel ray and the hulk have a baby muppet cookey monster 
what birds are found in portugal ? portu - geese ! 
what do you get from a frozen zombie ? frost bite . d 
wonder how many novels stephen king wrote this morning . 
does it count as necrophilia if she's just dead inside ? 
i have found the secret to intradimensional travel 
does this comic book collection make me look single ? 
why is oklahoma the bleh state ? because it's just ok 
your jokes are only as funny as someone else's sense of humor . 
redditors won't get this ... original content 
did you hear what the kathmandu ? he baghdad so he could bangkok 
stephen hawing running for president just kidding ... . . he can't run 
the avengers walk into a bar except vision . he phased . 
when i click on " submit a joke " you . 
what did orville say when keith harris died ? nothing . 
which snakes are found on cars ? windscreen vipers . 
why did the cyclist stop riding ? he was two tired 
who's the dankest pokemon ? vaporeon 
i stay away from granny smith . she's just too tart for me . 
a girl a day keeps the hand away . 
what are the other letters of the alphabet ? nazis . 
are birth control pills deductible ? only if they don't work . 
one time i shot a gun ... and the gun died ! 
i came into some money yesterday . i couldn't find the tissues . 
i'm sorry i snort - laughed when you were saying your vows . 
why did the elevator take antidepressants ? it was feeling down 
what dat mouf do 
only in sf : people checking into the riot on foursquare . 
" ninja kills mime " nobody heard about it 
9 out of 7 people can't do fractions 
nothing makes you feel more insignificant than still having 85 battery at noon . 
trust mom ! 
tripods with two legs i can't stand them . 
what's an sjw's favorite subject ? triggerednometry 
why did 10 go missing ? because 9 11 . 
what is santa's favourite metal band ? sleigh - er 
love is an extreme sympathy that leads to bed . 
i've developed a phobia of elevators i'm taking steps to avoid them . 
what do you call a radioactive angler ? nuclear fishin 
i'm not real good about sharing my feelings unless i hate you . 
why were the boy and girl melons depressed ? because they can't elope . 
what happens to a drunk vampire ? they get a fangover . 
what did the snail say when put on top of a turtle ? weeeeeeeeeeee 
why did the cow tip over ? excellent service . 
what is another name for sunscreen ? solution 
2017 new years resolution first step : write down the resolu 
how does kylo ren talk on the phone ? a hans free device 
why was the german woman freaking out ? because she was late . 
errors have been made . others will be blamed . 
4 21 international drug test day ! ! ! ! 
what is the most frequent word in the comment section ? this . 
lol sorry for my bad english 
i like my facebook messages like my fast furious movies : unseen . 
what's shakespeare's favorite video game ? sonnet the hedgehog 
somewhere between murder and suicide there's merseyside 
castlevania 2 : simon's quest 
super convenient that my arms came with cup holders . 
what do you have when you have 1000 whites skydiving ? oil 
" i " before " e " but only at participating locations 
informer ! ! ! younosaydahdfrxqpgirnmekdmhgjwrztnhyenixblaamm ... a licky boom boom down ! 
this post doesn't have any purpose ... so why you still reading 
what do you call it when kony drinks too much ? cognac 
what is the most popular soda in candy land ? lolli - pop 
would you like some salt ? na . 
you know what's funny ? an unexpected shift in context . 
donald trump comes from the future there will be hell toupee 
merry christmas and happy new year ! - internet explorer 
i think every joke should have a serious element of fe - y 
there's nothing scarier than a squirrel who's not afraid of you . 
where do banana slaves go to work ? plantaintions . 
you really shouldn't mess with rickshaw drivers they run the streets . 
why did the cold war never happen ? because joseph was stalin . 
how did the puppeteer meet the president ? he pulled some strings . 
how i met your mother - is definitely the longest ted talk ever ! 
everybody is annoying after one hour . 
man , these hotcakes are selling like themselves . 
the best thing about telepathy is ... i know , right ? 
you know why i drink apple juice ? because oj will kill you 
the worst excuse i have ever came up with . 
what baked treat shares its name with a gynaecological apparatus ? flapjacks . 
5 5 6 - 5 6 - 12 10 10 200 no joke 
what's your blud type bob ? typo 
you can't threaten me with work when i came to work . 
why was the laser sad ? all his gas is argon . 
what do you call your saggy old midwife ? me doula oblongota 
when someone has taken your car who should you call ? liam nissan 
you never really see how toxic someone is until you breathe fresher air . 
why is turkey happy ? it just escaped from a coop . 
did you hear about the anesthesiologist with giant breasts ? she's a knockout . 
organs are like onions if you cut them in half you will probably cry 
how do painters stay warm ? they add another coat . 
how does a russian aeroflot pilot navigate ? by reading street signs . 
what do cops do at a buffet ? they pig out . 
don't smoke pots because they are made of clay and can burn your tongue 
what would reunite the beatles ? 2 more bullets 
why don't mathematicians build bridges ? because they'll never be perfect . 
what kind of goat did houdini have ? a scapegoat . 
which newspaper is most popular around cows ? the moo york times 
what did leonardo davinci call his house ? the davinci abode 
whats the difference between hitler and usain bolt ? bolt can finish a race 
i wish i was 7'9 " so my bmi would be normal 
how do you hide from hitler ? standstill ... . he can nazi . 
roses are red ... violets are glorious . i wouldn't surprise oscar pistorius . 
what the corniest part of a corn field ? the corner . 
what is a castrated male's favorite operating system ? unix . 
what squeaks as it solves crimes ? miami mice ! 
sheepishly putting my arm around pitbull so is there a mrs worldwide 
how long do you have to wait between naps ? 
what is santa claus favorite metal band ? sleigher 
missing a period is probably a grammar nazi's worst nightmare . 
religion that is all 
how to live forever ? hire a project manager to plan your death . 
what kind of money do religious businesses make ? prophet . 
" challlaaaaaah " - hip hop rabbi 
do they make special shoes for gingers with no soles ? 
which bounty hunter specializes in tracking elves ? jingle fett 
fixing your car stereo ah here's the problem ejects pitbull cd 
what college did the eyeball go to ? icu . 
sometimes you have to forget what you want remember what you deserve . 
not to sound like a total jock but who won baseball this month ? 
. no shoes no shirt no problem welcome to walmart . 
how do the sith ascend ? elevaders 
piss off the dj by dancing the macarena to all his music . 
i like my underwear the way i like my ronda rousey fights boxer brief 
how to make your ears pop ? try some sparkly earrings . 
all microwaveable popcorn packages should be accompanied by dental floss 
" i love all quilts , regardless of quality . " - blanket statement 
what finally killed captain hook ? jock itch ! 
just tried to cook something from scratch and ended up summoning a demon . 
utah ... but i'm taller . 
what happens when 2 meets 3 at times square ? 36 
my girlfriend is such a procrastinator she never finishes 
what kind of beef are you most likely to catch masturbating ? stroganoff 
what signal tells you that a politician is lying ? the lips are moving 
what is eminem made of ? he is made of mathers 
why did the horse feel famous on reddit ? he was gelded . 
how do helen keller's parents punish her ? glue doorknobs to the walls . 
best ever comedy movies - can you guess the movie quote 
hey baby , heaven must be missing an angle because you're kindacute . 
houseguests should have a mandatory bedtime . 
what body of water is used for writing ? the apostrosea . 
can't believe tomorrow is take your alcohol to work day . 
* ahem , ahem * so ... a needle pulling thread ... 
what's fermat's favorite topic in mathematics aside from his theorem ? fermatation . 
jesus saves but moses invests 
why do parrots carry umbrellas ? so they don't become polly - saturated ! 
pickup lines in r jokes ? stahp . 
yo mama so fat ... she holds her pants up with the bible belt 
doritos - my own personal love triangles . 
i can't believe this paper went to college , let alone thought it ruled 
in the jungle , the mighty jungle . cecil sleeps forever . 
your mama so fat32 she always takes 4096 bytes 
i tired playing soccer but i couldn't get a kick out of it . 
what did the german child get for christmas a mini bake oven 
wouldn't be arguing ... 
favorite lame dad joke 
what's a liberal arts major's favorite board game ? ... ... trivial pursuit . 
them : pleasure to meet you . me : give it time . 
why did einstein marry his cousin ? it's all relative . 
shock me , say something intelligent . 
what do you call the most famous canadian hacking group ? anonymoose . 
racist frat dudes . . now ive seen everything . 
why did the picture go to jail ? because it was framed . 
" i sound nothing like that when i cry . " - doves 
i'm a proud member of dam : mothers against dyslexia . 
dijon vu the feeling you've eaten this mustard before . 
mary was in the prophet making business 
why is rengar so op ? because e : bola strike . 
music is like candy just throw out the wrappers . 
it's all fun and games until your iphone is at 10 power 
my neighbours listen to good music whether they want to or not 
batman begins twerking addawordruinamovie 
most of the lies i tell aren't even true . 
i answer private number calls with : " rent a gent hello " 
what is up with these reposts ? it must be heredditory . 
you're not considered an alcoholic if you're married . 
what person strives to ensure safety for horses ? ralph neighder ! 
it's so cool how math isn't real now that i'm a grown up . 
it's not believable when billy bob thornton isn't an alcoholic in a movie . 
what supplement did stallone take during the rocky films ? ginkgo balboa 
you should argue with your wife only when she's not around . 
what was hitler's least favorite sauce ? jus 
why was the gangster sick after going to west africa ? he got eballa 
what do midwesterners call minnesota ? minnepop . 
what do anemic people drink ? pale ale 
what animals do you bring to bed ? your calves . 
not all wood floats natalie wood , for example . 
i ordered pizza from op pizza ... turns out they don't deliver . 
have you heard about the latest polish parachute ? it opens on impact . 
ireland is beautiful too bad irish people live there 
by a show of hans , how many of you are german ? 
what is the most common blood type among pessimists ? b negative . 
tifu now the disc is not playable . 
trump running for president it's hillaryous . 
why was the chess player pregnant ? because they were mated . 
if you tase an electrician , he only becomes more powerful . 
if clinton makes a good joke it'll be hillaryous 
i gave a melon a vasectomy . now it can't elope 
my tcp server is getting fat too many processed syn - acks 
kleptomaniacs are the worst hecklers . they always steal the punch ... 
what gas is best dressed at a dinner party ? formaldehyde 
how do you discipline your pet rock ? you hit rock bottom ! 
daisy : how are you gatsby : great 
why are indian the best in bed ? they always come late . 
my girlfriend started smoking ... ... so i slowed down and applied lubricant . 
what elements make up life ? lithium and iron 
so i made a joke about paper . . but it was tearable 
asking me for advice is like asking broccoli to fix your bicycle . 
i thought about marrying my mom ... but oedipus wrecked it for me . 
chocolate rain rickrolling death by youtube 
the problem with today's children is that today's grown - ups are idiots . 
want to hear a good physics pun ? it's relatively funny . 
in your head , in your heaaaaaad harambe , harambe 
isis , meet ebola . ebola , meet isis . problem solved . 
what do you call a miniature pension ? warhammer 401k 
beware of advice from successful people they don't want company . 
wanna dance ? i can really put your inertia in motion . 
friend : showing baby photos me : ah yes , very baby 
sending 17 text messages explaining why you're not crazy seems a little counterintuitive . 
being in a nudist colony probably takes all the fun out of halloween . 
what did the vampire call his false teeth ? a new fangled device . 
what do you call a weatherman's evil twin ? a doppler - ganger 
atoms are what make us all matter : 
good jokes here http : iteslj . org c jokes - short . html 
wish the trash would take me out for once . 
ama request : floyd mayweather i wonder if he'll see this 
why dont canadian colleges have spring break first , you need spring . 
what do you call chow mein cooked in tomato sauce ? impasta 
why do bay area gamers like pier 39 modern wharf air 
where do lobsters buy their work clothes ? homardware . 
what is the best " bang for your buck " ? vaseline . 
i don't have friends , i have acquaintances and parasites . 
will he win ? by betty wont 
eat your school , stay in drugs , and don't do vegetables . 
who's the most meta player on a football team ? the punter . 
an escalator can never break it can only become stairs . 
i like short jokes . 
did you hear about the murdered essay ? they can't find the body . 
you : knock knock , me : who's there ? 
how did the endorian get to school every day ? ewok'd . 
open books don't get judged by their covers . 
what did the radioactive sample say to the other radioactive sample ? idk . 
bill clinton right now , texting monica lewinsky " you up ? " 
i was cured of lycanthropy . now i'm a were - wolf . 
what will santa bring your fish this christmas ? a scale letrix ! 
* forgets to talk to friends for 4 weeks * 
whats the easiest way to annoy someone ? 
women that date guys with bad grammar are the goodest . 
snake : * hissssssssss * feminist snake : * herrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr * 
how does avon find so many women willing to take orders ? 
what football position did the forever alone play ? left out 
why are people so sad in ferguson ? because they live in misery 
your garbage disposal eats better than most of the world . 
why did the pepsi executive get fired ? he tested positive for coke . 
what did the cryptologist have for breakfast ? hash with alot of salt 
authorized , bona fide , established ... those are some legit synonyms . 
what did man create that inevitably destroyed man itself ? reddit 
a girls diet always starts tomorrow ... 
why do ants get sick ? because they have little anty - bodies . 
never argue with an archeologist theyll just keep digging up the past 
i see you have some graph paper . you must be plotting something . 
i don't know many football players except ... the one with the messi hair 
what did the frenchman yell on the roller coaster ? yes ! 
ur mum is so ugly that hello kitty said goodbye 
what does light yagami drink at the bar ? tekira ! 
i want to open a donut shop called hole foods . 
kim jong un north korea the ? because ! 
what does a duck like to have for breakfast ? quacker oats 
when it comes to telling a joke , opportunity knock knocks . jokes 
what's a teenage fish's favorite website ? prawn hub 
what's a ginger's favorite drink ? ginger ale ! 
i just recently became a vegetarian . i quit meat cold tofu . 
you're so vein , you probably think this bloody cut is about you . 
there was an inflation joke on reddit once it blew up 
if that's his reaction to spinach , popeye should never try cocaine . 
just realized i've been misquoting george orwell since 1985 . 
my brother's pretty good at russian roulette ... he's only lost once . 
i told my girlfriend she should work at ups she's good at handling packages 
don't click this ! ! ! ahahaahahaha ! gotcha ! ! : p 
would you blow him ? 
on your mark , get set , go f * ck yourself . 
so sick of all the time travel jokes next week . 
clothes are just , human shaped blankets . 
a fisherman was trying to learn the alphabet ... he got lost at c 
funny and strange video 
stop advertising your relationship on facebook not everyone wants to see you happy . 
italian wedding invitation , 2 d wedding rosa mr . 
why were the native americans in america before us ? they had reservations . 
are you impulsive ? think about it 
what did my sperm get for easter ? an egg hunt ! 
chuck norris was once in a knife fight , and the knife lost . 
cerebral palsy it's the thinkin man's palsy 
why did the astronaut break up with his girlfriend ? he needed space . 
damn ! i'm still writing slovakia on my czechs ! 
he's as sharp as a bowling ball . 
i'm not a fan of archery . it has too many drawbacks . 
if mayans could predict the future , why didn't they predict their extinction ? 
do they really serve burgers in transylvania ? very rare - ly . 
cry baby - by liza weeping 
not having any friends means i'm always the pretty one . 
i need help i've spent every waking moment of this year browsing reddit 
what is heavy forwards but not backwards ? a ton . 
a drivers license is basically just a selfie with way too much info . 
i met a wheelchair user yesterday . he's a stand up guy . 
communism is awful . it's just common cents . 
just been offered 8 legs of venison for 40 is that too dear ? 
how many tickles does it take to make a squid laugh ? tentickles 
girls who say bestie are the worstie . 
what were people doing during the last ice age ? chillin . 
the time machine of tomorrow . today . 
here comes my big moment ... moment . 
ever read hitler's 2nd book ? it was called mein bad . 
why are airplane crashes in the ocean so visible ? they're plane to sea 
i hope i can kill my feelings before my liver . 
home is anyplace where you don't have to wear pants . 
i just bought a dozen donuts if anyone's looking for a sugar mama . 
is your last name stilton ? * insert cheesy pickup line here ... * 
why does peter pan fly ? because he neverlands . 
i wonder if the earth teases other planets for having no life . 
just ate a bunch of confetti ... now i'm a party pooper . 
what do you call dracula when he goes swimming ? aqua - vlad 
who hosts the late night show in north korea ? jimmy kim - il 
date tip : buy a calendar 
dr . seuss would have crushed it on 8 mile . 
what is a nitrate ? it is much cheaper than a day rate . 
where do atheists donate their money ? non prophet organizations 
my stats teachet said i was just average what a mean thing to say 
if your polly wants a cracker , he's a white supremacist 
made a cool logo for r jokes ya like it ? 
the mathematician worked from home , because he only functioned in his domain . 
what did the dalai llama play on stage at glastonbury ? yakmanninov 
if loving copies is wrong , i don't want to be copyright . 
your greatness is measured by the font - size of your obituary . 
mini - horses are like mini - donuts , you can't just eat one 
we are born naked , wet and hungry . then things get worse . 
what does the alt - right drink ? white whine . 
why do people carry umbrellas ? because umbrellas cant walk . 
all dogs go to heaven ... but all snakes are athe - hissssssssssts 
where do birds meet for coffee ? in a nest - cafe ! 
why can't r2d2 walk ? because he has ms - dos 
what did the soldering iron say to the capacitor ? go flux yourself ! 
guess what i'm going to do if i get alzheimer's ? 
how do you contact dead window cleaners ? use a squeegee board . 
what connects the computers in sauron's office ? a tolkien ring network . 
squirrels are just rats who blow dry their tails . 
how many palindromes do i know of ? not a ton 
the way i bend the rules should qualify as yoga . 
why are men better swimmers than women they are part sperm 
isaac newton couldn't become a surgeon ... because blood is non - newtonian ! 
if superman were evil he'd be the man of steal 
what do bees eat ? hum - burgers 
don't be that guy that tells people not to be that guy . 
do you know what really gets my goat ? el chupacabra 
the food pyramid http : imgur . com huggqpi 
my ex - girlfriend had eczema she had a cracking fanny . 
what to hear something funny ? original content 
do the simpsons know they're all dying of jaundice 
still waiting for what didn't kill me to make me strong . 
i'm 28 years old , but in marriage years , i'm already dead . 
how is credit like cocaine ? everyone just needs 1 more line . 
m'ea l * tips waiter * 
what's e . t . stand for ? extra testicle 
must be tough for an honest nigerian businessman to make a living . 
i would love to give rachel riley a cream 3 . 14159265359 
dear sir madam , your transgender operation has been a partial success . 
why don't snakes like vitamin c ? because it's an anti - hisstamine . 
a joke about the mods removed 
" no , dad , vampire weekend is not like shark week ... " 
thomas jefferson's dad's name was thomas jefferdad . really makes you think 
still haven't forgiven my parents for not being rich . 
why does repost always get to the top ? ... most people reddit before 
i had reconstructive bone surgery it wasn't humerus 
who invented cereals ? chris p . 
why can't the americans play chess ? because they're missing two towers . 
it's been a tough year for gluten farmers . 
i'm so horny ... . . even the crack of dawn looks good . 
these people are screaming like they've never seen pompoms on an axe before . 
what's the fastest thing in bulgaria ? light 
where do pencils go for vacation ? pencil - vania . 
what is the microbe's favorite country singer ? original amoeba mcentire 
why did the vampire take up acting ? it was in his blood . 
lol so good https : soundcloud . com yung - palmtree 
what grazes in the higgs field ? the higgs bison ! 
sometimes i tell my and i laugh at them . 
so kanye had another kid ... he named it wild wild 
what type of animal browses reddit ? karma - vore 
i live a sinatra lifestyle . i'm just being frank with you . 
hard to concentrate on work with arbor day so close . 
the taliban heavily overestimates the need for monkey - bar training . 
what type of music does a balloon hate ? pop music 
let me tell you a pizza joke ... nevermind it's too cheesy 
my uncle died on 9 11 those buildings can come out of nowhere . 
down vote this do it 
what does a mathematicion find in a forest ? a natural log . 
wife : you're home early me hugging the dog i had to see you 
they released a new study on marriage it's the number one cause of divorce 
why are most runners single ? at best they're asics . 
what is a chemist's favorite brand of shoes ? vans of der waals 
who is the oldest singer on the internet ? click jagger . 
what do the russians use to film their war with isis ? daeshcams 
chuck norris * hates * raymond . 
civilization is just one really long and annoying group project . 
jesus loves you , but zeus thinks you're stupid . 
baltimore ? more like baltiless ! haha ! 
if you stabbed me i would probably bleed pizza sauce . 
immigrants are like sperm millions get in but only one works . 
what's the worst thing about suicide bombers ? they're not organ donors . 
have you heard the one about the untouched coal pit ? never mined . 
what does a parrot named larry talk about ? vocabulary 
do her by the ocean . beaches love crabs . 
what kind of cigarettes do california kids smoke ? yours . 
* eats one piece of lettuce * checks for abs 
i really like some metamorphic rocks ... they're the schist ! 
what is a drug addicts favorite snack ? crack - ers 
what is a grave digger's favorite element on the periodic table ? barium 
jet steel can't melt dank memes 
a joke died on stage . it leaves behind an orphaned punchline . 
home alone 3 : take the hint , kevin 
thou puny pottle - deep joithead ! you tell em shakespeare ! 
there is only one ideal dance partner it is an empty apartment 
mondays aren't so bad if you force yourself to have a terrible weekend . 
why do blind people walk their dogs so much ? 
if you enjoy sitting around and doing nothing , i'm your girl . 
lizzie borden had a couple of really good lifehacks . 
why do clairvoyants have crystal balls ? so they can see what's coming . 
what happens to you at christmas ? yule be happy ! 
if a parsley farmer is sued ... can they garnish his wages ? 
what was the fisherman's favorite art style reelism 
my dad was the town drunk , ... and we lived in chicago . 
how do you call the social media that your grandmother uses ? instagran 
what do you call a dedicated but untalented gymnast ? a working stiff 
i'll be coming into some money when katy perry gets on the dollar bill 
don't judge charlie sheen until you've snorted a mile in his coke . 
any jokes about failed startups ? 
biggest joke on reddit r politics 
what's the difference between stew haters and steers . 
just realized some twitter handles are probably prison id numbers . 
don't worry , you are safe zombies eat brains 
saw my ex ... please . she needs to die . 
how do you address a monster ? very politely . 
like this if you can't think of a clever status either ... 
whenever i tell someone i'm russian they tell me to slow down . 
are you bad wifi ? because i see there is no connection here . 
why did dr . pepper blush ? he received a sunkist from his crush 
text " text " to text to donate a text to text 
find out this one weird trick fishermen use . click bait . 
save the cheerleader , save reddit . 
why do women love satan ? he's down to earth . 
what can't i find on the internet ? my keys 
steve harvey 
what's an octopuses favourite latin saying ? squid pro quo ! 
if you pee on a cop urine trouble . credit to my bff 
i'm from the 80's . we ate cookies instead of deleting them . 
i tried committing suicide today not going to do that again almost killed myself 
why did everyone hate the shoe company ? it had no soul . 
why does waldo wear stripes ? because he doesn't want to be spotted 
where does food go when palpatine eats it ? in sidious ! 
i'm not an elitist . i'm far better than that . 
this is what happens when you don't read the comments before commenting deleted 
who'll handle the guantanamo closing ? same guys who did circuit city ? 
freaking out people walking round the cemetery dressed as a ghostbuster . 
what's a bounty hunter's favorite cheese ? fetta 
i used to be a werewolf ... but i'm alright noooooooowwwwww ! 
the internet is like alcohol , it gives people courage . 
why i think north korea is a bad place deleted 
what did tennessee ? ... the same thing arkansas 
" internet pretty " angled profile photos that disguise the ugly truth . 
so is the pope like ... single now ? 
why are boy scouts such great murderers ? because they leave no trace . 
women don't know what they want . men don't know what they have . 
how do you find the click bait audience ? 
you're not a mistake . mistakes can be fixed . you're hopeless . 
" huh ? " - wonder woman 
did you hear about that pirate movie ? it's rated " arrrrrrrr ! " 
why are urologists selfish ? because they're all about number one 
a photon walks through a bar 
what does eckhart tolle get for christmas ? presence 
* at store buying school supplies * son : i need hashtag 2 pencils 
what food guide does a chicagoan need in japan ? a ramen manual . 
what does an electrician say when he's confused ? watt ? ! 
a tombstone that has a scrolling led marquee of your greatest tweets . 
i'm not lazy , i'm just highly motivated not to do anything . . 
every mirror is a vanity mirror . 
what's your dad getting for christmas ? bald and fat . 
how to insult a nerd " is rhat an apple watch ? " 
my five year plan ? i don't even have a five minute plan . 
ioc drops wrestling from 2020 olympics countless people are stunned by this takedown . 
drunk girls shouldn't even be allowed to have phones . 
red . my least favorite urine color . 
taking pictures with an ipad is the new fanny pack . 
why are cigars unhealthier than cigarettes ? because they're fatter . 
what do asgardians use to keep food hot ? a thormos . 
sorry i mixed 50 , 000 instant pudding packets into your above ground pool 
what's the best fantasy book ? a bible 
proposing new subreddit rule no more menstruation jokes . period . 
if a cop pulls u over play dead 
what do you the balcony seats at the theater ? the wilkes booth . 
who is the only person able to knock out ronda rousey ? bill cosby 
a man was arrested for taking drugs in the uae he got stoned ... 
* financial status * just rinsed off a paper plate ... 
which sri lankan do star wars fans like ? may theforcebewithyou . 
what sound does an italian american microwave make ? bada bing ! 
if i like my job am i a " gruntled " employee ? ? 
pythagoras was a skeptic ... ... but now he believes in angles 
the quran is like weed you burn it and you get stoned 
where do geneticists store vegetables ? in the crispr drawer 
april fools joke : replace all the sugar in your house with cocaine 
did you hear about the irish paper boy ? he blew away . 
what did syd barrett leave in his mother's bathroom ? a saucerful of secretions 
is your name wi - fi ? because i'm feeling a connection . 
if a person with down's gets high do they become a normal person ? 
in this sentence , their are exactly three errorrs . 
what's jared's favorite ingredient for his subway sandwiches ? extra virgin oil 
the one huge advantage of being dumb ... you never overthink things . 
it's okay to joke about jesus ... he died for our zings . 
what a gorgeous day to walk around outside staring at my phone . 
yo mama so fat ... she models for the atlas 
i love being excluded from things should have got a green card 
i bought zombie insurance recently it was a no brainer 
a cop that contemplates his existence : philofficer 
just lasted over an hour in bed ... thank you day light savings 
arrghh ! i'm so bummed ! i finally got laid off 
" how about a scarf ? " - johnny depp's stylist every day . 
leann rimes no it doesn't . 
oh you graduated from devry too ? ! which month were you ? 
somebody messed up my small weighing scale . i was like 0mg ! 
politicians are like diapers ... they're almost exclusively white 
why is the sea so strong ? it has a lot of mussels . 
hitler ruined the charlie chaplin mustache for everyone . 
i've never really heard a ginger joke ... got any ? 
magic johnson is one positive individual . 
my dog just saved my life by ferociously barking at nothing outside . 
i wish " it's the thought that counts " worked for housework . 
a hobbit walks into a bar it was very low down . 
how often does mary see her special friend ? periodically . 
" knock knock . " , " who's there ? " i eat map 
why are tennis equipment factories so loud ? because everyone's making a racket . 
i married a european chess master . he's my czech mate . 
how much for the mirror ? ma'am that's the cover of vogue 
saudi arabia where you can get caught with marijuana and still get stoned . 
how many dead babies can fit inside a bio - dumpster ? 16 . 
what's green and smells like ms . piggy ? the boston celtics 
did you hear about the fish addicted to worms ? he got hooked . 
never call a woman fat an elephant never forgets . 
what did the lecherous sufi say to the burkini fatso ? ouagadougou 
haha whats is a house without ears : anwser : homtydumty : 
you hear about these islamic balloons ? ... they blow themselves up . 
" ps , i love you " - - me to my playstation . 
why don't ducks become doctors ? they are afraid of accusations of quackery 
i just got accused of " plagiarism " their words not mine ! 
what do islamic mcdonalds employees wear ? a cheeseburka 
explain joke what is a bee's favorite game ? hive and seek 
what kind of ears do trains have ? engineers engine ears . 
where can you always find money ? in the dictionary . 
a bomb goes off at reddit wow , this blew up ! 
sign language is a pretty handy skill 
toy inventors make the best writers they have many novel ideas . 
i love salad ! just wish it had the taste texture of pizza . 
did you hear about the stupid kamikaze pilot ? he flew 57 missions ! 
are you getting older and wiser ? no he's getting older and wider ! 
sorry , i'm using all 43 grocery carts . use a basket . 
this year for lent , i'm giving up 
where did the terrorist go after the explosion ? everywhere . . 
what is a ghosts favorite lunch meat ? boo - loney : d 
what does earth say to the other planets ? you have no life 
why does the nsa hate the winter ? they got snowed in . 
christianity one woman's affair which got out of hand . 
what is the collective noun for a group of depressives ? a melancolony 
reddit is like cancer it's much bigger than you thought . 
what's 18 inches , stiff and makes girls cry all night ? cot death 
gypsy marathon : runs to a lake , swims , bikes back 
what's a feminist's favorite rapper ? feminem 
i've just been diagnosed with a chronic fear of giants ... . . feefiphobia 
what did baby corn say to mumma corn ? where's popcorn ? 
the janitor's union called for sweeping reforms . 
where did the drug addict keep his food and dishes ? the potry 
what do pirates call fat whores ? land ho ! 
what's the difference between george michael and carrie fisher ? two days . 
i'll pleasure you in ways you never thought possible like vacuuming and doing dishes 
why are redditors american ? because they always * tip * . 
just saw a bug change its mind about going into a mcdonalds . 
marriage is the main reason for divorce . 
i retweet to avoid any awkward silences between tweets . 
what is vladimir putin's favourite drink ? white russian , straight 
coding humor 1 1 ___ 10 
imo everyone should consider organ donation ahhh actually i've had a change of heart 
armageddon ... ... tired of all these rapture jokes . 
i'm celebrating 200 years of the buffalo . it's the bison - tennial ! 
recent studies have shown that 6 out of 7 dwarves aren't happy 
kadala of diablo 3 
when does it rain money ? when there's a change in the weather . 
who has a higher recycling rate than a recycling plant ? r jokes 
if i was an origami penguin , where would i hide ? 
how did the aquarium win the battle ? giant fish tanks . 
can a ninja throw a star ? shur - he - can ! 
chick peas and everyone wants to watch . 
what's the difference between you and a calendar ? a calendar has dates ... 
what did the diligent whore get for christmas ? lots and lots of karma 
why do ladies prefer 77 over 69 ? because it's eight more . 
yo momma is so fat she's dead . 
why was saint peter so good at basketball ? he denied jesus 3 times 
what did socialists use before candles ? light bulbs . 
there's a bizarre irony to jokes about ebola going viral . 
why does carbon monoxide smell like fjbsjko 
in soviet russia ... the government owns the corporations . 
what do boxes breathe ? boxygen 
what are all sports in africa called ? the hunger games 
how does a ghost eat a hotdog ? by goblin it . sorry 
how do redditors get their water ? from a well , actually 
i'm not going to heaven because i'm afraid of heights . 
what soft drink do pigs like best ? root beer . 
i was changing some fuses at buzzfeed ... ... number 14 shocked me . 
there's no i in you . yet . 
hr and i apparently disagree on what " debriefed " means . 
how long does it take to eat a tire ? * a goodyear * 
why do fat people like games ? because they're unfamiliar with the gym . 
every time mila kunis comes on my tv i do too 
know who loves to get fisted ? sock puppets . 
" sensitive " guys who only retweet chicks , you're not fooling anyone . 
what is a thai person's finishing fight move . bangkok . 
you're like a brand new pencil pointless 
i don't know why people use odorless deodorant it makes no scents ! 
you shouldn't come back , because later you'll still want to leave . 
what do music producers eat for breakfast ? fruity loops 
lpt : always know what subreddit you are posting in 
the reason my jokes are so funny is because i have 
macbeth . docx that's a play on word 
guys , always let the ladies finish first . it's just common coitusey . 
why don't indians eat baguette ? because there's naan there . 
what is it called when a reptile loses its tail ? ereptile dysfunction 
what did the spanish soccer announcer invest in ? * * goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooold * * 
what do you call a frozen communist ? a hammer and pop - sickle 
where do homeless accountants live ? in a tax shelter . blame groco pca 
rap is 75 crap 
if you ever need some really poor grammar i'm you're guy 
tequila , because sometimes you and your toilet need to hug it out . 
why is football the single best sport ? because americans don't play it . 
i'm surprised the back of soy milk cartons don't have missing hipster children . 
how does grandma's chairlift work ? it has to do with nanatechnology . 
why couldn't bach be a rapper ? because he's baroque . 
why do buddhist make bad vacuum salesman ? they can't deal with attachments . 
what's a frog's preferred fastener ? rivet . 
what kind of street does a ghost like best ? a dead end . 
* flags down police car * how many mpg does this thing get ? 
if you're cold , stand in the corner it's usually 90 degrees 
god made heaven and earth the rest made in china 
what do you call a police officer standing on dog poop ? on duty 
a woman was battered over breakfast ... it was waffle : 
what do thesauruses eat for breakfast ? synonym rolls . 
why don't pc gamers get laid because they're micro - soft 
they don't even serve apples at applebee's . or bees . 
i love my toilet . we've been through a lot of crap together . 
be a deer and get shot in the woods for me ? 
what do you say to a fig on ice ? fig u're skating 
why did the investment banker leave her husband ? she was losing interest . 
how did the barber win the race ? he knew a short cut . 
what do wolves say when you yell barba streisand in the forest ? uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu 
what was the neo nazi's favorite computer game ? mein kraft 
online dating is like online gaming . the grind is real . 
what did the doctor call his new metal band ? inflamed 
happy 2011 ! i can't wait for internet explorer 9 . 
i just got a new universal remote wow ! this changes everything ... 
what happens to lawyers after they die ? they lie still . 
what time does wimbledon start ? tennish 
harry potter and the prisoner of society 
what happens when a sweatshop gets busted ? the entire outfit is compromised . 
what's the gift that keeps on giving ? aids 
i want to meet myself from someone else's point of view . 
you know what the worlds best play on words is ? scrabble . 
anyone else feeling solipsistic ? no - one ? 
you know pterodactyls don't make noise right ? even the p is silent . 
why was the electron mad ? well , it doesn't really matter ... 
how did godzilla escape the trains ? he threw them off their tracks . 
what did the llama said to the other llama ? como se llama ? 
what type of meat are your calves made of ? bologna . 
every time i open my mouth , some idiot starts talking . 
what is a terrorist his favourite car ? a citroen c4 
what's a cokeheads favorite tv show ? whose line is it anyway 
love is joke hhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
why is eastern europe filled with strippers ? because they like poles . 
thinking about free healthcare and how much it's going to cost me ? 
how do you spell moron ? m o r m o n 
where do mathematicians go to gamble ? sine city 
you brought me roses ? i can't eat this . get out . 
caitlin jenner's name should be trans trans jenner 
what's white and kills you if it enters your eye ? an airplane . 
i like donald trump how i like destiny overhyped and without a campaign . 
how do germans tie their shoelaces ? in little knotsies ... . 
i think it works ! guys ! i just invented time travel ! 
if fedex and ups merged would they call it fed up ? 
just made 7 decisions based on my phone's battery life . 
based on the novel push notifications by isapphire 
cantaloupe ... or wontaloupe ? 
what's the the key to telling an isis joke ? the execution . 
i caught a computer virus once . my thumbnails fell off ... 
how did one droid flirt with the other droid " hey bb " 
finally took that warning on the cigarette pack to heart and stopped littering 
what's a dog's favorite chip ? ruffles : 
why was the obtuse triangle upset ? because he is never right . 
what's the worst thing about alcoholics ? they wine too much . 
every 5 seconds a woman gives birth to a baby . stop this woman 
what do you call a fuzzy philosopher ? bearistotle i'm so sorry 
what's a snake's favourite food ? hiss cakes ! 
how do small people call each other ? on microphones . 
how did jesus get his beach bod for the summer ? cross fit 
do you know why they call them sperm whales ? because they're delicious ! 
what is a pokemon's favorite kind of nut ? a pi - cashew 
gentrification tends to happen during autumn because the brown leaves . 
i'm still waiting for my knight in shining sarcasm . 
r jokes reddit posters are cleaning the earth they are very good at recycling 
you know what really makes me smile ? fascial muscles . 
" you're a joulepersecond ! " " wat ? " " exactly . " 
my girlfriend is from another nation . imagination 
where do men with erectile dysfunction go to find a job ? ubisoft 
how does stephen hawking commit suicide ? alt - f4 
my home to pants off speed ratio is unparalleled . 
what did the little girl's parents want for christmas ? a better son . 
what's big , huge and hairy ? a goliath bird eating tarantula . 
what is bear grylls favourite vegetable ? leek . 
thank you for explaining that geico ad to me it means a great deal 
pull my finger pffft 
hey , which instagram filter takes out all the insecurities ? 
i really , really need to stop eating clocks it is very time consuming 
why did gigi leave the party angrily ? because she's hadid . 
i just shaved my legs . i think i lost three pounds . 
ain't no party like a dyslexic party cause a dyslexic party don't pots . 
what are pupils at ghost schools called ? ghoulboys and ghoulgirls . 
you're so ugly , you scared the crap out of the toilet . 
f scott fitzgerald ... and f the great gatsby as well . 
what do you call 69 - ing in china ? tu can chu 
house is clean . time to sell the children and move . 
what do godzilla and shrimp have in common ? they both crustaceans 
what sounds like a robot and bumps into tables ? stephen hawking . 
you speak in haiku that is very attractive said no girl ever 
i'd say at least 10 of parenting is smelling stuff . 
95 of parenting is using your sock as a mop . 
my friend is so rich he thought manual labor was a spanish musician 
what will isis be called once it is destroyed ? waswas 
only france would name a city " to lose . " 
why was the pig in the kitchen ? it was bacon . 
roses are grey violets are grey everything's grey i'm a dog 
i know how the force awakens ends ! credits . 
never marry a tennis player love means nothing to them 
here's one for you ... ! 1 
haha i made you click got ya 
what's jared's favorite side dish ? megan slaw 
i was struggling to figure out how lightning works then it struck me 
who is n sync's favourite film maker ? michael bay bay bay 
my egyptian friend's dad drowned yesterday ... he's still in denial . 
what do you call an empty jar of cheez whiz ? cheez waz . 
my parents did a terrible job of distributing my skill points 
people who failed committing suicide ... how do they live with themselves ? 
i've put something aside for a rainy day . it's an umbrella . 
i'm fairly certain that kids only have ears for decorative purposes . 
if one is an expert at tying knots , one does knot simply . 
what's worse than lime ? sublime . 
what basic skill do herb farmers always struggle with ? thyme management 
dark humour what do you call a fat baby ? quite a mouthful . 
how to make a girl laugh step one : ask her out . 
have you heard the watermelon joke ? you have now ! i'ms osorry 
what is a horses favourite kind of party ? a stall ball . 
reddit went down for me ... that was the most boring poop ever 
fax ? why don't you just send it over on a dinosaur ? 
well , that escalated quickly ! http : imgur . com sjrxt6l 
yawning is your body's way of saying 20 battery left 
rather than ever clean a window i just tell people they're frosted . 
the canadian army 
there are two types of people , those who can extrapolate from incomplete data 
parallel lines have so much in common it's a shame they'll never meet ! 
what is a missionary's favorite car a convertible 
what emotion does a tree feel every spring ? relief 
thanks to twitter i can tell people i read . 
i have better things to do with my time than my job . 
eli5 : women 
no sopa ... radio ? 
why won't americans switch to a dollar coin ? they're afraid of change . 
what's a redneck's favorite dating website ? ancestry . com 
why did you get a tattoo ? because tatthrees were too expensive . 
hellen keller walks into a bar then a table , then a chair 
your momma so dirty she serves more requests than http 
spell anaesthetize ! harry was sad when reddit was unaffected . 
what's the most sensitive part of your body while masturbating your ears . 
on mondays , zombies feel alive inside . 
today i bought cupcakes without sprinkles . diets are hard . 
what famous chiropodist ruled england ? william the corn - cutter ! 
why can't seagulls fly over the bay ? cuz then they'd be baygulls . 
bad luck , atheists named christian . 
i once joked about ebola . everyone started laughing . it was contagious . 
i've started going to aa illiterates anonymous 
i bet islamic women have a hard time tagging their girlfriends on facebook . 
my phone's low battery warning is the only warning i take seriously . 
what do girls and snowflakes have in common ? they can't drive cars . 
my friends butler lost his left arm in an accident serves him right . 
diary , day 3642 on deserted island how can i still be fat ? 
waldo at the gym can't none of y'al l spot me 
are ginger ale made from real gingers ? said cartman . 
recently had a cat - scan . they didn't find any cats . 
well this beer isn't going to throw itself up . 
what do you call an accountant who is seen talking to someone ? popular 
what is an orphans favorite beer ? fosters 
where do people from laos like to swim ? in laotian . 
alabama : where the men are men and the sheep are scared 
a janitor starts up his car . " broom broom " 
i heard reincarnation ... ... is making a comeback . 
what's worse than losing one arm ? losing both your arms . 
few things more demoralizing than saying " excuse me " to a mannequin . 
sorry i brought my own turntables and tried to battle your wedding dj 
there's a whole world of people out there ! * closes the door * 
what do you call gungan served raw ? tartare binks ... 
what is every redditor's blood type ? edit : typo 
why does donald trump like free haircuts ? because he doesn't have toupee . 
* goes down on one knee * one knee : i have a girlfriend 
nasa confirms , life found on mars . 
why did the train get hit by lighting ? because of the conductor . 
every time i find the meaning of life , they change it . 
i wanna be rich enough to realize that i can't buy happiness . 
what's the slowest , most painful way to kill yourself ? get married . 
definition of clickbait 
what did khloe kardashian do for a vegetable ? broke up with james harden 
i am known all over the world for my tendency to exaggerate . 
what kind of water do ducks drink ? bottled waddle . 
what is the german word for constipation ? farfrompoopen . 
my girlfriend was on her . so i put it in her : 
what's the priest favorite breakfast ? kids . 
where does skrillex like to eat lunch ? he goes to wubway ! 
i love dry erase boards ... they're remarkable . 
a joke about procrastination . eh , i'll write it later . 
a kid has cancer then he gets aids from his mom 
what's mario's favourite clothing ? denim denim denim 
i don't know what's longer : a microwave minute or a treadmill minute ... 
i don't see what people get from ... dark humor ! 
with a calendar , your days are numbered . 
what is something all hispanic people write in college ? an ese . 
a woman who sits on a judges lap ... get's an honorable discharge . 
ted cruz just looks like a ... saturday night live skit 
trying to improve my street cred by lowering our minivan a couple inches . 
i thought of something funnier than 24 25 
why did the zombie turtle have so much trouble dancing ? rigor tortoise . 
kudos to nph for keeping it brief . oscars 
there is no " we " in pizza 
i was so poor as a kid , we only had onepac shakur . 
there's no way that whatever mothballs prevent is worse than the smell of mothballs 
what does a grumpy sheep say at christmas ? ... baaaaaahumbug 
what kind of parents are see - through ? transparence ! 
i got 99 problems but i'm avoiding them all . 
how does craig venter drink beer ? shotgun method 
what's an avocado's favorite music ? guac n roll 
old musicians don't die . they just decompose . 
while ajax sales have been going down ... it's still stronger than greece 
i used to work in a haunted pub ... there was spirits everywhere . 
how do you get stoned in ancient rome ? start shouting jehovah . 
perhaps one day he'll meet his girl fieri . 
did you guys hear the news ? apparently donald trump is a cuck . 
north korea claiming they test fired a big rock at russia . 
bummed that there's no obvious place to insert a into my name . 
cross a mobster in the streets . horse's head in the sheets . 
nice job person who came up with bread . 
what do you call memories of old playstation ? sony - stalgia 
what do gamers make for new years ? a new years resolution 
reddit right now http : imgur . com hcmqcju 
are you made of copper and tellurium ? because you're cute 
is a rivalry between two vegetarians still called a " beef ? " 
i've been nominated for person most likely to not be nominated for anything . 
velcro sanitary towels ... they're a bloody rip off 
i'm so italian . . . i even text with my hands . 
dance like you're not the father 
should i take something for my kleptomania ? ? 
why can't cinderella play soccer ? because she keeps running away from the ball 
i can't believe it's been 5 years since tyler perry's hurricane katrina . 
why are americans so bad at chess ? they already lost two towers . 
what's the matter ? hydrogen , mostly . 
hey do you mind if i play street fighter with you ? shoryuken ! 
you're so empty inside ... . nnn ... . stupid fridge . 
people who can fall asleep quickly freak me out don't they have thoughts 
women that say size doesn't matter are just ? shallow 
what is a cation afraid of ? a dogion 
your body is a temple . congrats on the expanding congregation ! 
kill him , he's different ! - history 
what's the highest story of any building ? floor 20 
chicken pot pie my three favorite things . 
what country has the strictest dress code ? thai - land . 
what is the ghost of an australians favourite dessert ? boo - meringue 
if you're such a powerful warlock , why do you have diabetes . 
why did r twoxchromosomes flood ? the dyke broke . 
i've been putting vodka in my fruit smoothies . also no fruit . 
what's a democrat's favorite genre of music ? progressive rock . 
what is jar jar binks favorite food ? meesa soup 
what do you do when your wife turns 40 exchange her for 2 20s 
call me christopher columbus , because i'm coming to get india . 
just bought some 007 viagra it makes you rodger more 
twitter is just linkedin for the chronically unemployed . 
where do cat astronauts go ? meowterspace 
i got a 0 on my computers test . a 01000001 
what kind of shark is always drunk ? a hammeredhead 
edward scissorhands was beaten mercilessly by the school bully , edward rockhands 
popsicle sticks are depressing . 
i wonder if they ever considered calling it jerry ben's . 
why i don't joke about politicians ? because i don't joke about jokes . 
what does 007 wear on his head ? a bondana . 
what type of car insurance does oj da juiceman have ? triple aaayyy 
giving co - workers the silent treatment by sending them blank emails . 
the thing about driving in lebabon the traffic can get beirutal ! 
a man goes into a library and asks for a book on suicide 
getting paid to sleep ... that's my dream job . 
think you're smart ? try explaining daylight savings time to a kid . 
what popular board game do dyslexics hate ? scramble 
how come landscapers have huge loads ? they are always edging . 
what did the vegan give the homeless guy ? a lecture . 
chuck norris tries this at home . 
i'm starting an atheist corporation ... it's a non - prophet organization . 
what idiot named them nostrils instead of scent vents ? ! 
what do california zombies eat ? graaaiiins . 
i wanted to tell you an udp joke but you won't get it . 
feel free to not tell me how sore you are from working out . 
what is peter pan's favorite place to eat ? wendy's 
so many pants . so little yoga . 
" you'll never see him coming ! " - quote by stevie wonder 
just found out my wife is a dolphin in a wig . 
what are a parrot's favourite literary characters ? mr macawber and pollyanna ! 
what's the only disease a potato can get ? tuber - culosis 
the emperor's new joke 
who ate a lot and conquered rome ? atilla the hungry . 
i once went to a blonde psychiatrist she blew my mind . 
where does a pirate keep his buccaneers ? under his buckin hat . 
why can't pencils have babies ? because they have rubbers on their end . 
an 89 is just a 69 with a fat chick . 
the list of republican presidential candidates . 
which is the worst hand to lose ? the second one . 
what did 0 say to 8 ? why's your belt so tight bruh ? 
yo mama so fat nasa has to orbit a satellite around her ! 
why couldn't the man marry the melon ? it was a cantaloupe . 
why don't raggedy ann amp andy have any children ? cotton balls 
which unit describes the intensity of light in south africa ? nelson candela 
i'm terrible at telling jokes i always mess up the punch limes 
what kind of cologne applies itself ? elon musk 
i failed my origami course but it was not my fold 
what do neckbeards like to spread on their toast ? marma'la dy tip 
what do frogs say ? times fun when you're having flies 
afraid to die alone ... ... become a bus driver ! 
i'll stop at nothing to avoid using negative numbers . 
i'll be remembering pearl harbor by getting bombed this evening . 
i always thought i was stupid ... then i read the commentary . 
what's the difference between france and texas . about ten people . 
if you think your job tires you ... ... try working for goodyear 
which country's capital apologises for its religion ? islamabad . 
what to you call a russian flea ? a moscow - ito ! 
how does pocahontas celebrate her cake day ? with a pao wow . 
what's the name of that movie about the war horse ? war biscuit 
some people are only alive because it is illegal to shoot them . 
i've finally finished my fresh herb cookbook it's about thyme 
do you know how i feel about muscle relaxers ? i valium . 
what kind of music do rabbits listen to ? hip hop 
why do we need iron in our diets ? because it's good ferrous . 
what is the plural of manatee ? menatee 
plot twist : " luke , i am your mother . " - yoda 
what does the average drummer get on an iq test ? drool . 
how did the cow feel when it couldn't produce milk ? udderly useless . 
my blood type is coffee . 
just ate my toothbrush to clean those hard - to - reach places . 
cats are great for testing because they have 9 lives . 
i wanted to be a gynecologist , but i couldn't find an opening . 
what makes men cheat on women ? women ! 
an octopus should have eightacles , not ten . 
how to leave someone on the edge of their seat : 
what does monsieur homer say after spilling water on himself ? d'ea u ! 
what do you get when you mix yoga and scouting ? concentration camps . 
how do you make an ant huge add " eleph " 
mormon cats have 9 wives . 
my cow won't give any milk ... she is an udder failure . 
when do you ground an astronaut ? when they're astronauty . 
i made a joke at the us - mexico border jajajajajajahahahaha 
how did mace die ? he was thrown out the windu . 
is quentin tarantino directing 2016 ? 
horror stories by r . u . scared 
if clinton wins presidency , who will be first lady ? monica lewinsky 
what is michelle obama's favorite vegetable ? barackoli 
what is the only way to stop donald trump ? a cruz missile . 
i wish chlamydia was as hard to get as it is to spell . 
what's in an std salad ? green pees 
orion's belt ? a waist of space . 
what do you get when you breed an elephant with a rhino ? elifino 
hiphop cereal idea : ludacrisp 
my wife is so educated she has a phd in yelling sciences . 
windows phone 
what did the salad say before being eaten lettuce go . 
what would barack obama be if he was a vegetable ? baroccoli 
today i tried to remove a bandage i couldn't pull it off 
what song do burgers sing on the job ? gristle while you work ! 
joke spy why did the spy stay in bed ? because he was undercover 
solving the mystery by ivor clew 
karma whoring is bad . upvote if you agree . 
this coffee tastes like a kenny g album . 
how did the dollar bill feel when his change started disappearing ? coincerned 
which country has the nicest children ? germany . german children are kinder . 
i think i'll just leave my turn signal on from age 60 onward . 
what was the stressed out toddler diagnosed with ? diapertension 
what is a painfully loud color ? yellow ! ! 
how did people charge their phones before electricity ? they didn't ... ! 
i have a super hero joke fantastic four 
maybe if i swallow enough magnets i'll become attractive . 
where do geologists go for entertainment ? * rock concerts . * 
what's an israeli ghetto called ? palestine . 
how do itallian chefs swap emails ? by spaghett - e - mail ! 
are your parents laptop memory ? cause you are so dimm . 
where are otters from ? otter space ! 
what do you call a bell which doesn't do it's work ? a rebell 
for sale russian dolls - buy one get six free . 
10 ways to stop procrastinating 1 . 
lyrics in modern hip hop are so bad . . 
i'm considering going vegan because the steaks are too high 
i started a band called 999 megabytes we still haven't gotten a gig . 
the lion king really created trust issues between me and the nephew . 
how do vampires keep their breath smelling nice ? they use extractor fangs . 
who called it your foot falling asleep and not coma toes ? 
one liner i can really see myself working in a mirror factory 
what is the scientific name for a crippled tyrannosaurus rex ? tywalkasoreus rex 
what's a dead baby's favorite holiday beverage ? infanticider . 
ho_se boat i'd like to solve the puzzle pat , horse boat 
sorry , but the greatest thing since sliced bread is sandwiches . period . 
i need an app that shows oncoming traffic on my touchscreen while i'm driving 
no thanks la - z - boy . i like my furniture gender neutral 
why did the dark ages existed ? because there were nights . 
i went to an erectile dysfunction meeting today . nobody else came . 
how do you find will smith in winter ? you follow the fresh prince 
nazis would love heather bresch because she is killing off the genetically impure 
i apologize for referring to your newborn baby as a questionable spinoff 
what is rick grimes favorite thing under the sea ? corall ! 
don't do suicide , kids ! you'll kill yourself ! 
my dishwasher has racks on racks i'm not talking about the machine 
what's an alcoholic's favorite type of beer ? all of them 
notice in a hospital waiting room . " thanks for being patient . 
twitter : where strangers will explain your joke back to you . 
what kinds of jokes do cats play on each other ? purranks . 
teacher : name two pronouns ? pupil : who ? me ? 
sometimes , eating road kill can be a big moose steak 
a bug is just a bug until you put one on someone's face . 
three mistakes of my life : wtf whatsapp twitter facebook 
why reddit is a murderer . because it killed me battery 
why did hitler like blind people ? because they can not see . 
i care about how girls feel . the firmer the better . 
how do you ask for a cigarette in spain ? tapas a snout ! 
what super hero league is caitlyn jenner part of ? the x - men 
trees are really rude they're always throwing shade ! 
have you heard about ... alex trebex ? his job is in jeopardy . 
what idiot named it prozac instead of sadvil 
what do mathematicians read for fun ? conics 
is your wedding going to be open casket ? 
what did the lazy monk say ? namaste . . right here 
it's hotter than a nazi oven in the summer . 
i think it's ironic that youdonthavealife is trending on a social networking site . 
i'm a tumblr user and computer scientist , i'm boycotting binary computing . 
what state is the highest on every top 50 list ? colorado . 
greek cheese turns me on . it is a feta - ish . 
everyone on a flight is technically a flight attendant 
wanna hear a joke ? my bank account ... : 
what animal has bad memory and climbs mountains ? a forgoat . 
i searched up blind in the dictionary but i couldn't see what it said 
i'm no gynecologist , but i'll take a look . 
what was the old man in despair about ? nothing . 
what's the longest game in the world ? two women playing pool . 
the bonus of simple origami is twofold . 
joke challenge what's the best mad scientist joke ? 
what's today's date ? 10 - 4 good buddy ! 
is anybody else having trouble logging into my wife's facebook account ? 
what did the racist pillsbury doughboy say ? white flower 
i got head from a blind woman she didn't see it coming ! 
" white purr ! " - ku klux kat 
i'm in a long distance relationship . my girlfriend is in the future . 
may i have a quick word with you ? velocity 
what's a feminist's least favourite bread ? gender rolls 
the year is 2086 and pizzas are delivering young men to your house 
you know what maybe i do wan't to meet hot singles in my area 
where's the best place to apologise to someone ? surrey . 
what's the currency in space ? starbucks 
imagine how expensive the iphone would be if they called themselves organic apple . 
what do you call a whale that mates constantly ? your girlfreind 
are you from boston ? because you're the bomb ... 
i'm so drunk i can speak fluent ozzy osbourne . 
how do you start a powerful woman's movement ? laxatives . 
how did king george view the colonists ? he thought they were revolting 
i know victoria's secret she's hungry . 
what type of melon would romeo and juliet have been ? cantaloupe . 
what does speedy gonzalez keep under his carpet ? underlay ! underlay ! 
why did the man go fishing ? just for the halibut . 
why isn't hitler invited to the barbecue ? because he always burns the franks 
north korean civilians have been playing the hunger games since the 1950s . 
i won't stand for this idiocy ! * sits * ok , proceed . 
how does darth vader manage to eat through that mask ? he's force fed 
how did the fruits get married ? they cantaeloped ! 
what did the fat cat go to prison for ? purrrjury 
coffee maker in the it department doesn't work try reinstalling java . 
" brb " - hindu gravestone 
why can't a schizophrenic kleptomaniac become president ? he always takes office clothes . 
what's the greatest gift you could give to a trashcan ? a baby . 
women hate it when you call them ma'am or sleep with their friends . 
ad hominem tactics are awful and so is anyone that uses them . 
what is a neckbeard's favorite color ? m'ge nta 
i just licked guacamole off my elbow . yup . 
what's the difference between purple and pink ? your grip ! 
dear everyone reading this tweet , what's the future like ? 
i know this gem of a procrastination joke . i'll tell you later . 
everyone done keeping calm yet ? 
what jumps up and down in front of a car ? froglights ! 
what happened to the number 10 ? it got stuck in 9 11 
where do bros go for spring break ? gainzville . 
i'm so sick of being white it's like playing a video game on easy 
. the joke does not translate . 
nba joke the cavaliers without lebron ... 
cutting out gluten is a great way to lose weight and friends 
little to no thought was put into this status . 
when is the bible accurate ? when it's thrown from a short distance . 
flavor flav is the bomb 
haikus have three lines sometimes they don't make much sense refrigerator . 
british jokes aren't funny anymore . they lack heumour . 
how does batman's mother call him to dinner ? she doesn't , she's dead 
what's a stoners favorite marker ? a highlighter 
q : who ruled france until he exploded ? a : napoleon blownapart ! 
always a housemaid , never a house . 
contagious had my grandmother mow my lawn , it took that contagious . 
i'm surprised bread is still made after ... ... the flour power movement ended 
racist jokes are like a suicide bomber they really clear the room . 
why do flowers and beer get along so well ? they're buds 
a lot of people have been photobombing my shots of waldo 
bawk to the future chickenmovies 
stevie wonder ... i don't see what his problem is ! 
i am not schizophrenic doctor we're just fine ... ... 
how can you tell a lawyer is lying ? other lawyers look interested . 
what do gingers and extinct dinosaurs have in common ? not enough " 
a postcard home : the weather is here . wish you were beautiful . 
what makes stevie wonder ? what everything looks like . 
this cashier was totally just checking me out , you guys . 
what kind of joke did the forgetful redditor make ? 
what's the difference between christianity and judaism ? christians pay for their sins 
what's a horse's number one priority when voting ? a stable economy ... 
i say no to alcohol , it just doesn't listen . 
why are lions more religious than other animals ? they prey regularly . 
why are eggs so good at humor ? because they have running yolks . 
what does a whore call a bus load of men ? meals on wheels 
what do you call the security guys at samsung the guardians of the galaxy 
the doctor said i have type a blood but it was a type o 
running away doesn't help you with your problems . unless you're fat . 
why can't you escape the angry forest ? because there are mad trees . 
professor x can move anything with his mind ... except his legs . 
why were the libyans eating money ? they were having dinar . 
why can ducks fly so well ? they're high on quack . 
what do you call a morbidly obese hippy ? tie dyeabetes 
why don't smart girls ever get pregnant ? because they use their head . 
what's a 90's kid's favorite salad ? quinoa amp kale 
apple airpods a 159 game of hide and seek . 
why did one european country eat the other ? because it was hungary 
colorado changed the name of christmas to juana . " merry juana ! " 
how do canadians take care of their skin ? maybe it's maple leaf . 
north carolina to sue over bathroom bill hillary : stop calling him that 
my dad wears loosey - whities . 
" no more self - deprecating tweets , " i whisper fatly . 
i don't go to applebee's often i know how to microwave my own meals 
your mom is so fat even jesus couldn't lift her spirits up . 
what color is a chameleon on a mirror ? 
reddit repost 
i'm such a crastinator ... i'm way too busy redditing to go pro ! 
i shot someone with a starting gun . i've been charged with race crimes 
take me down to the paraphrase city . where it's nice . 
if i have to russian again ... soviet . 
what does deadpool need ? someone to merc him shut up . 
all is fair in drunk and war . 
no one cared about cap'n crunch when he was a lieut'n nt com'nd r 
i always felt suicidal . . because i'm hanging on by a thread 
why did the buddhist refuse novocaine ? he wanted to transcend dental medication . 
i have nothing in common with people that learn from their mistakes 
we can all agree that everyone else has terrible taste in music . 
if hillary wins the election , emails be like ... removed 
why are fish only happy inside ? they have in - door fins 
hi my name is , rick harrison and this is my pawn shop . 
what's the similarity between designer jeans and cheaply made castles ? no ballroom 
what do teenage terrorists drink ? smirnoff isis 
what did the hispanic security guard drink at the airport ... tea ese . 
apparently , playing dead only works on bears not ex boyfriends . 
there's only one kind of humor in africa ... dry humor . 
jack in the box ... is not an instruction . 
the easiest way to appear photogenic in pictures is by not being ugly . 
why shouldn't you wear russian underwear ? because chernobyl fall - out . 
i had some bad middle eastern food yesterday i just felafel afterwards . 
if laughter was the best medicine ... your face would cure the world ! 
did you here about that original joke ? neither did i . 
i just found a six pack in my room . case closed 
you know what's great about alice in chains ? she can't get away . 
a joke from the future . * 58821 * 
on which day do monsters eat people ? chewsday . 
dark humour dark humour is not everyone's cup of liquidised dead baby 
what did the egg play in the movie ? the egg - stra . 
this subreddit . 
what's the most stupid part about telling a rude joke on reddit ? offensive 
have to take my son to speech therapy . . easier done than said 
why didn't superman rescue princess diana ? because he was in a wheelchair . 
death metal fans are complaining abt all the noise . irony . 
where do pixar employees go for happy hour ? cgi friday's . 
i'm scared of lifts guess i have to take steps to avoid them 
where can you find information about raisins that commit adultery ? currant affairs 
i lost my thumb in a serious movie rating accident . 
i hate nihilism ... it's meaningless ! 
laugh and the world laughs with you . snore and you sleep alone 
why don't anarchists accept the metric system ? they refuse to have liters . 
just thought of the best senior quote " " - taylor swift 
what's whitney houston's favorite car ? hyuuuuuuundaaaaaiiiieeeiiii 
what is a boxer's favorite meal ? break - fist 
if the universe were not absurd , would it make sense ? squid 
baby i wanna love you across the face with a romance shovel . 
what did the male lamb say to the female lamb nice rack 
curiosity killed the cat , and got your daughter pregnant . 
being a dj is tough because sometimes itunes won't open . 
why does donald trump take anti - anxiety pills ? to prevent hispanic attacks 
boxed wine : because corkscrews are dangerous after the second bottle . 
what's tyrion lannisters's favourite sea food ? shrimp . 
i wonder if houdini ever locked himself out of the house . 
what's the most common marriage proposal ? you're what ! 
how do batman's parents call him to dinner ? they don't they're dead . 
70 of writing is writ 
what does no one want but will always take refugees 
superman : who's gonna be batman ? * leaves earth * 
you don't know ... ... until you find out ! 
i just slipped on a banana skin . i look ridiculous in it . 
hi , my name is typo ! it's spelled tpyo . 
if i had any self control i'd probably eat that too . 
so my pen died today ... unfortunately , it was decapitated . 
at first , i hated my new haircut but it's grown on me . 
christopher walken should make a christmas album called " in a winter wonderland " 
she was hannah montana when bush was president . thanks , obama . 
i'm more confused than a homeless person on house arrest . 
your momma's so fat it takes two warlocks to summon her . 
what's in cider ? i'm in cider ! 
what does a skeleton orders at a restaurant ? spare ribs . 
i'm taking part in a scavenger hunt . i have already killed twelve scavengers 
whats pink and smells like salmon ? trout 
what's the powerful weapon in greenland's arsenal ? the nuuklear bomb 
from a shark's perspective , jaws is a lot like home alone . 
i see dead people . 
whats a himalayan's favourite body part ? a nepal ... . . 
" who am i kidding ? " - blind comedians 
what's red and loud ? a skinned baby in a bag of salt . 
this guy at the gym just did 3 sets of selfies . 
iphones ... when i wants to talks to someones . 
i was touched by jesus today oh wait that's a duggar 
why did abe lincoln get released from prison ? because he's in a cent 
peter dinklage is a star ! he is a white dwarf . 
a member of isis is having a bad day ... it's having a crisis 
what's balck on the bottom and white on the top ? society 
what's a cops favorite tv show ? justified 
what goes 30 miles per hour and smells like curry ? usain balti 
q : i'm hungry . a : nice to meet you , hungry ! 
neon bumped into helium . there was no reaction . 
don't worry honey , they call it my dual - channel ram . 
a political joke for americans i'm voting for hillary 
somebody told me i'm horrible with names . 
one of the funniest jokes on reddit . r atheism 
at goodwill store * buys pants that i gave them 6 months ago * 
i often break into song the keys are so well hidden 
what was jamie bulger's favourite bob dylan album ? blood on the tracks . 
what happened when the composer got angry ? he flew off the handel 
what's paul walker's favorite drink ? fireball 
god loves me but i'm not looking for anything serious . 
what happens after an alligator commits a crime ? you call an investigator 
the guy who discovered boomerangs must have been terrified 
alway be nice to anyone that has full unhindered access to your toothbrush . 
where does the persian air force keep its aircraft ? the carpet store 
should i have a baby after 25 ? no , 25 is enough 
i'm in a pickle and i don't know how to dill with it 
what is peter pan on death row ? a frying pan 
what did king midas say to the centaur ? stay gold , ponyboy . 
what the hell does my dog have to sigh about 
so stub hub isn't a dating site for quadriplegics ? 
turn off autocorrect ? challinje aceptid . 
the cannabis industry ... it's a growing market . 
if trump becomes president ... there'll be hell toupee 
i just opened a capri sun in the dark , sup ladies 
hey baby are you rockefeller ? because i think we should horizontally integrate . 
i've snapped a bunch of necks being a necklace photographer isn't too bad 
how does a young man make an old woman feel young again ? elixir 
how does kylo ren spend father's day ? solo . 
what is the most popular bar in the middle east aloha snackbar 
what would you hear at a cow concert ? moo - sic ! 
hey girl , i'm an aries ... wanna get rammed ? 
not a joke what your favourite one - liner wordplay joke ? 
what were nazi turkeys forced to do each thanksgiving ? goebel goebbels . 
why aren't there many dead baby jokes anymore ? they don't age well . 
want a couple of pointers in life ? 0x8130 and 0x8134 
which video game would adolf hitler play ? mein kraft 
q : what's a cat's favorite food ? - a : petatoes ! 
hipsters liked the other side of the pillow before it was cool . 
eli101 : how do people not get binary ? 
surprise your coworkers by hiding in the utility closet until you're dead . 
germany vows revenge after brazil's goal yesterday this must not go unpunished 
did you hear about hellen keller's tree house ? neither did she . 
i could never become a vetanarian . that job takes balls ! 
what is son goku's least liked food ? vegetta balls 
where was soloman's temple located ? on the side of his head . 
what's the safest font ? helmetica . 
i'm now on year 3 of the 7 day ab challenge 
what did the dog say after it slid across some sandpaper ? ruff . 
why did the dog go into the church ? the doors were open . 
down with the metric system no more foreign rulers ! 
what you call a crocodile covered with tortillas ? a tacodile 
why is alabama the worlds biggest sandwich ? because the whole state is inbred 
i bumped into the inventor of the selfie today his face was a picture 
why couldn't handel play his harpsichord ? because it was baroquen . 
monday is an awful way to spend 1 7th of your life . 
" quinoa " sounds like something a ninja would say before kicking you . 
thinks about me petting a very cool dog me : oh hell yea 
i believe a woman's place is in the kitchen 20 of the time . 
how do you count cows ? with a cowculator 
what central american country has the most spooks ? ghosta rica ! 
what's a monsters favorite desert ? i - scream ! 
if you drink enough , your brain starts photo - shopping people . 
wanna hear a joke about eye fluid ? it's vitreous humor . 
life is just a game of monopoly and risk . 
putin's message to tourists : visit istanbul while he still exists ... 
a hipster's favorite frequency is 50 , 000 hz you've probably never heard it 
" i'm tired . " - beat cop 
not having tattoos is suddenly a great way to express your individuality . 
you're a square ... ... but you're still all right to me . 
r badplumbing is leaking 
the one thing that i excel at ... is spreadsheets . 
how do you call a nazi that doesn't react ? a neon nazi 
... maybe it should be called dancing without the stars . 
are your parents bakers ? cause youre inbread . 
interesting how the ads on youtube never have trouble buffering 
damn girl are you a nirvana album because ... nevermind . 
what did the depressed light switch say ? i can't go on . 
how do you say goodbye to an epileptic ? seizure later 
why has stonehenge been there since 2000 bc ? because it's stoned . 
the older i get , the more understandable britney's meltdown seems to me 
mother's day is once a year ... but sunday is once a week ! 
cannibals don't drink coffee . they have a cup of joe instead . 
i met a geologist the other day he seemed gneiss . 
the debate should just be held here the joke should be in the comments 
if you open door . jar , is the door still ajar ? 
what do reindeer have that other animals don't have ? baby reindeer 
i bet michael j . fox makes one hell of a martini . 
what johnny mercer song does december 21st remind you of ? autumn leaves . 
condescending joke you 
what's a homophobic child's worst nightmare ? a monster coming out of the closet 
what kind of pizza would the twin towers order ? two plains . 
what do you call trump's barber ? orange peeler 
the boiled water died it shall be mist 
diplomacy is saying " nice doggy " until you find a big rock . 
she can't wrestle ... but i'd love to see her box . 
jesus could walk on water but stephen hawking runs on batteries 
my life . it said " submit a joke . " 
my granddad is on a catheter ... ... it really takes the piss 
twitter's original name was " sentence contest " 
hangovers vs women why are hangovers better than women ? hangovers go away ! 
let the trucker sleep 
what happened when hamlet discovered his love dead ? necro - ophelia 
i smoked weed to think of something funny to post deleted 
where do pirates go in the summer ? in arrgentina . 
is santa clause real ? because the zero's on my bank statement are . 
what has 16 legs and speaks german ? doppelspider 
what is cat's favourite tea ? kit - tea 
how did hitler tie his shoelaces ? in cute little knotsies ! 
what's the most sought after ball in biopsy bingo ? b9 
how do you confuse hellen keller ? step on her books with golf shoes 
niagara falls viagra lifts ! 
want to hear something funny ? women's rights . 
what does r the_donald call its rule list ? the maga carta 
the thought of aortic dissection just tears me up inside . 
haven't seen a king so upset since mlk had a dream ! warriors ! 
" pray , love , eat . " - - a mantis 
what do you call someone who barely graduated from med school ? doctor . 
women : can't live with em ... ... can't live with em . 
i'm selling my vacuum cleaner it's just collecting dust . i'll show myself out 
seems like harrison ford is really down to earth too early ? 
god creating jellyfish how bout an evil bag 
my friend bought a stone mirror . it reflects poorly on him . 
conductor : oh my dad's in the audience waves to dad orchestra goes crazy 
twitter is the world's largest voluntary police lineup . 
american politics that's it , that's the joke 
what's a rastafarian's favorite star wars character ? jah jah binks 
where do dutch sheep go at night ? to shleep ! : d 
i've been happily married for 3 years out of a total of 20 . 
do these daisy dukes make my trash look white ? 
how do shellfish get high ? at a clam bake 
my middle finger will be answering all questions today ! 
* feels comfortable * comfortable : * slaps hand away * 
what is pitbull's first name featuring 
i hate cereal killers they go against the grain 
ran out of manila envelops . off to the philippines . 
when i'm not anxious i'm anxious about it . 
what is a hamburger's favourite story ? hansel and gristle ! 
i am a woman , hear my eyes roll . 
what do you call an amorous insect ? the love bug . 
the acting in gilmore girls 
what's nu ? frequency . 
what do you call ralph nader's alter ego ? his alter - nader 
what did the minotaur order at starbucks ? half calf 
life is tough enough without having someone kick you from the inside . 
i put my pants on like everybody else . grudgingly . 
what's autocorrect's blood type ? typo negative 
candy is like virginity it's easy to take from a child 
inception * a van falls into a river * duration : 148 minutes 
sunscreen isn't very effective ... it didn't protect steve irwin from harmful rays 
men are just like jokes the best ones are all dark . 
quickest way to get over someone ? 4 wheel drive 
this day needs cyanide . 
dropped a gorilla into my apartment so i could shoot my roommate 
i dated my financial advisor for like a year but i lost interest . 
what do you call a west african cricketer ? he bowler 
react removed 
i'm no sadist . some of my best friends are sad . 
relationship status : the pizza is late and i'm worried 
my wife gets scared easily ... she's got no balls . 
what kind of drugs to frogs take ? methamphibians . 
i always cry before talking to attractive girls any tips against pepper spray ? 
why do people live soda ? because it's sodalicious . 
hooters is starting a home delivery service . it's called knockers . 
i've got the eye of a tiger and a lifetime ban from the zoo 
where do doggos go when they lose their tail ? the retail store ! 
curiosity killed the ... . . martian race 
i've just made a meeting site for retired chemists it's called carbon dating 
yo mama so fat she looks like she's smuggling a volkswagon ! 
what dog always gets on everyone's nerves ? a great pane ! 
warning : 18 link ! http : imgur . com dkkxyoa 
which state smells the worst ? the prostate 
who delievers cat's christmas presents ? santa paws ! 
hoh hoh hoh it's a wet joke 
how did the mystic respond when asked what he's doing tonight ? your mommmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm 
lingerie is just expensive wrapping paper . 
a bird can fly ... but a fly can't bird . 
why do wallets make so much noise ? because money talks . 
" impeccable " sounds like a general immunity to crow attacks ... 
what is a down syndrome kid's favorite number ? 321 
what idiot called him steve jobs instead of mac daddy 
why did vatican invite bernie not hillary ? they couldn't afford it . 
what's the saddest computer you can buy ? a dell 
what religion does a drinking feline believe ? cat - holic 
alan rickman is dead sorry all the other subreddits were taken 
did you hear what is making the latest headlines ? corduroy pillows 
inception 2010 , psychological thriller a group of people fall asleep - 148 mins 
how does hillary clinton say goodbye ? " seizure later ! " 
why can't rappers take holidays ? they always forget tupac . 
mitch hedberg used to do drugs 
id like to thank r nsfw for getting me through hard times . 
i celebrate 4 20 on 1 5 simplify your fractions ! 
what vegetable really likes to party ? turn - up 
why do people tip cows ? their service isn't even that good . 
so a conservative was browsing r news haha that's a good one . 
what's the best name for a cigarette company ? toba co 
what do you call 2 doctors walking together ? pair - o - medics 
where do blind people got to get their college degrees ? 
what type of grain uses profanity ? vulgar wheat 
what does a south korean call their lover ? their seoul mate . 
in hip - hop voice uh 
i like triscuits because sometimes you just want to eat a wicker basket . 
religion why did jesus die on the cross ? he forgot the safe word 
i'm tired ... . i hear there is a nap for that . 
repeat after me : president trump . 
redditors of north korea : what's your opinion on the recent sony hack ? 
relationship goals : a relationship 
a barber asked a man how he wants his haircut in silence 
your're a redneck if ... 
i got robbed last night the burglar replaced everything with an exact replica 
i bet the government is behind all these conspiracy theories . 
when is the best time to play racquet sports ? ten - ish . 
before nasa sent curiosity , mars was bustling with cats . 
do you even lift bro ? i do take the lift sir . 
big deal , mcdonalds . we're all here for a limited time only . 
why did the religious bull get mad because he had a bi - son 
a four letter word that every man is afraid of ? more 
yelling to the person i'm dancing with at the club i have sleep apnea 
very dirty joke nsfw a pig falls in the mud . 
you're never gonna believe this but ben carson's full name is benghazi carsonofsatan 
why does nasa drink sprite ? because they couldn't get 7up 
what cereal was removed from tim cook's breakfast ? apple jacks 
i'm an apathetic druggie . i'm always high on crystal meh . 
jared fogle was 994 . 4 terabytes short of being a petaphile ayy 
did you hear about the cheese that exploded ? there was debrie everywhere . 
chuck norris can cook minute rice in 20 seconds . 
crime in multi - storey car parks . wrong on so many levels . 
there is a bible book all about beer ... its called hebrews 
james may ... james might ... 
organic chemistry is difficult . those who study it have alkynes of trouble . 
i ate so many chickpeas ... i falafel ! 
chuck norris checks his facebook on a typewriter . 
what makes a fencing joke extra funny ? when it is a riposte 
why do ukrainians not like being late ? they don't wanna be rushin 
where are average things built ? in a satisfactory 
trail mix ? you mean m m's with obstacles . 
smoking 1 : what cures smoking 2 : cancer 
life is like a shower fat people don't have very good ones 
my girlfriend finished all my french fries ... i couldn't ketchup . 
justin timberlake visits the ukraine . where does he visit first ? crimea river 
maybe i'm covered in chameleons right now . i'll never know for sure . 
police have arrested a cat for robbery guess they've identified the purrpetrator 
what is bing's most searched word ? chrome 
i work out so my relationships dont have to 
i double majored in tv and burritos . 
what did jesus become after they nailed him to the cross ? holey . 
why is yellow afraid of red ? because red blue green . 
the first rule of laziness is 
is kristen stewart a vulcan 
my period is late . 
nothing is more intimidating to me than someone who genuinely enjoys the outdoors . 
if theres national public radio ? npr is there also private public schools ? 
why can't irishmen be lawyers ? they can never get past the bar . 
where do fashionable kids with cancer like to shop for clothes ? never 21 
why does saturday stink ? because it has a turd in it . 
don't move leaves without their permission ... that's rake . 
my grandma has so many wrinkles she has to screw her hat on . 
a bargain is something you don't need at a price you can't resist . 
you are more useless than ... stephen hawking in a power cut . 
i have an ear infection . it's called hearing aids . 
what do dirty fish read ? prawno magazines ! 
when do we stop counting backwards i'm at like negative 42 , 360 
i hate graph jokes ... because i can never get the point . 
she is not my reword , i am her punishment . 
what does a soviet call someone with good vision ? glasnots . 
what did the potato say to his lover ? you have amazing eyes . 
what's the quickest way to lose pounds ? the uk national lottery ! 
breaking : john terry spotted changing into his full german kit . 
now then - what's an oxymoron ? 
yo mama so fat she fell and made the grand canyon ! 
what was the name of gorilla's girlfriend go - rilla 
what were tarzan's last words ? who greased the viiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnneeee . 
i would tell you a good cheesy joke , but i lactase 
what do astronauts eat for dinner ? launch meat . 
i've never met a weekend that i didn't like . 
what was the bridge player's political view ? no - trump ! 
what did zelda tell link when he couldn't unlock the door ? triforce 
i've got alzheimer's ... . but atleast i don't have alzheimer's . 
which day is the most agreeable ? yesterday 
why was the floppy disk self - conscious ? because it was fat . 
the artist formally known as ... alive . 
i'm not crying . i'm just watering my moustache . 
what do people with two left feet wear ? flip flips 
what's white , blue , and red all over ? reddit . 
learning karate in case i'm ever attacked by cinder blocks and wood planks . 
league of legends solo queue 
remember that time hitler had a juice cleanse ? 
why do irishmen grow mustaches ? so they look like their mothers 
establish dominance . never let a dog lick you first 
i feed my cat lemons . he's a real sour puss . 
how would you describe frankenstein's birth ? shocking ! 
what do russians call their barbers ? combrade 
how does trump fire a gun ? he tells the bullet it's fired . 
what's it called when a fedora wearing neckbeard gets sick ? m'al ady 
which band does rockclimbers listen to ? rolling stones 
never date an apostrophe ... they can be possessive . 
burnt my hawaiian pizza today should've cooked it on aloha temperature . . 
what do you call a greek magician ? abra kebabra 
it's funny how my doorbell starts working when i'm expecting a pizza delivery . 
the dishwasher is making weird noises . probably because she's outside chopping firewood . 
george bush 
lifetime tv . for women whose own lives aren't depressing enough . 
what type of tea is hard to swallow ? reality 
why did the mathematician move to seattle ? he liked lagrange bands 
i'm done telling racist jokes because ... once you tell juan you tell jamal 
ama request : adolf hitler 
hitler was not very athletic . he never finished a race . 
hills have eyes ... they also have " l " s 
what did one direction say when they became popular ? zayn ma luck 
two pigs went to a party , one got boared and came home . 
what do you call a psychic on b ? a 4chan - teller 
what's dee barnes favourite headphones ? beats by dre 
ask me about my vow of silence . 
why do we call the office printer bob marley ? cause it's always jammin 
what ten letter word starts with g - a - s ? automobile . 
in mother russia ... . . ... . joke is you . 
my name is steven but the bank calls me owen . owen lotts . 
there's something about pressing f5 ... thats just so refreshing 
i'd like to meet those almond milk farmers . shake their teeny hands . 
the first commandment was when eve told adam to eat the apple . 
who will stop donald trump ? the first amendment people . 
the us won gold in shooting they have good schools for it 
if she wants to be chased , she better steal my pizza or something 
if you want a woman to settle down with you be a cat 
had a fight with a money wasp once i got a * paysting * 
which pokemon got a cold ? pik - a - choo . 
what's pink and fluffy ? pink fluff . 
how did the pepper end up getting killed ? a salt with deadly weapon 
what does a man call a gorilla he loves ? haram bae 
she's so ugly , she made a freight train take a dirt road ! 
what do you call a movie about artificial orange juice ? pulp fiction 
why did the funeral director cover his mouth ? he kept coffin 
arnold schwarzenegger was asked if he wanted to upgrade ... . . 
after the weekend the most difficult task is to remember names ... 
" bigotry " - an italian guy describing an oak 
how does gandalf know he's pregnant ? a wizard is never late . 
what's in poison ivy's underpants ? tulips . 
girlfriends are expensive but so is my drug habit . 
when i call you hun , it's short for atilla . 
did you hear about the middle eastern clowns ? isis 
love is overrated it's only 5 pts in scrabble . 
my grandfather died during the holocaust he fell off a guard tower . 
eat for free at any restaurant by disguising yourself as a trash can . 
everyone's awkward shines a little brighter on an elevator . 
long underwear is the fur that god forgot to give us . 
how are the homeless like votes ? republicans have them thrown out . 
thanks , santa ! i totally wanted a hangover ! 
as a non - english native redditor ... edit : grammer 
what do you call a fat person who likes trance music ? trans fat 
what do the brits say when there's actually blood on something ? 
how do you make a 90's kid mad ? the game . 
breaks into your house steals your shoes walks a mile in them judges you 
the bible is 100 accurate especially at close range 
" let me get them digits . " - creepy accountant 
turns out buying that meth lab on craigslist was illegal 
" good luck with your little skits ! " - shakespeare's mom . 
ama request a person living in an electricity - free amish community . 
reddit is like my ideal woman with double d's 
cold turkey tastes so good . why would anyone want to quit it ? 
people tell me i have adhd wanna ride bikes ? 
some pretzels are totally weird ... they're knot for eating . 
why kind of motorcycles do cows ride ? mooooootorcycles ! 
i go for chubby girls because they can't run away 
what's cold and comes in april ? her dad . 
medusa's husband sighing and pulling a wad of snakes out of the shower drain 
coldplay is like depression you can hear . 
milk cartons in asia have missing planes on them instead of children . 
what is the best part about having alzheimer's making new friends every day 
when does a pear become a pair ? when one appears . 
i got lost . . walking around your fat mother 
i got lit with my tibetan friend once once . 
what's the oldest trick in the book ? the first one . 
shout out to hotel maids changing sheets on february 15th . 
what doesn't kill you isn't earning the money i paid . 
depresso the feeling you get when you've run out of coffee . 
ask me if i'm an orange . no . 
bae is acting so cute and imaginary tonight 
i just took an iq test and apparently i'm a libra ? 
which operetta make the gorilla crack up ? nutty marietta ! 
what did the necrophiliac have at the funeral mourning wood 
a blonde decided to go to grad school 
improve your memory by doing unforgettable things . 
it was called a jumpoline ... ... before your mother jumped on it . 
art : stop it . life : * mockingly * stopp iiit . 
what happened when the cheese factory exploded ? debrie everywhere . 
i call my girlfriend dumbledore because she's the real headmaster 
the improper fraction help line is now open 24 7 
why do plants hate math ? ... because it gives them square roots 
you don't notice the air , until someone spoils it . 
what is teen pop ? jared's favorite music genre . 
i just heard a folk song about kfc it was fingerpickin good ! 
i had a neurotic rabbit once . his name was stu . 
thank satan it's monday . 
yesterday 8 mosquitoes bit me ! i guess i now have a mosquito bite 
i hate when my camera rings , in the middle of a selfie . 
i'm not the type of person you should put on speaker phone 
what's the national vegetable of israel ? ariel sharon 
what a weekend ... apparently gonorrhea is not a girl's best friend . 
what bill is the congress's favorite ? of course the bill ! 
what did kermit the frog say after jim henson died ? nothing . 
you're a vegetarian ? that's a missed steak 
i heard a joke about a german sausage today it was the wurst 
offensive why didn't hitler become an artist ? because he hated mixing colors ... 
what happened to hillary clinton's emails ? deleted 
china lands on the moon ! salvages antique u . s . flag 
an emo vampire probably bites himself . 
a day with no sunshine is like ... . . night 
what's another name for chicken breasts ? chitties 
the first five days after the weekend are always the toughest . 
you've just made a very lazy enemy my friend . 
half of these jokes were around when jesus played fullback for jerusalem . 
que dijo un mar al otro ? ola 
how do orcs eat their food ? by goblin it down . 
i think helen keller said it best when she said . . 
looking for some tasteless gabrielle giffords jokes 
like i said before , i hate repeating myself 
neck tattoos : helping employers make hiring decisions since 1992 . 
why is it called a menstrual calendar and not an egg timer ? 
nothing against fat chicks having high self - esteem just not yoga pants high 
if i pay 40 for a haunted house i better die 
what do gungans put things in ? jar jars . 
what do catholic body builders lift ? their guilt . 
you had me at " we've got the place surrounded " 
you're so fake , even china denied they made you . 
some relationships can survive only online . 
picking up a drug addict is easy ... they go for any line . 
what do animals read in zoos ? gnus papers . 
what do you call a wandering caveman ? a meanderthal i'll go now . 
f u cn red ths yu meb b dislxic rely 
a cannibal ate a charismatic ... he threw up his hands 
i don't drink any more . or any less . 
this is a joke consoles 
whats brown and ryhmes with snoop poop . 
today i broke my personal best record of most consecutive days alive . 
what does a christmas tree do after christmas ? it pines . 
what book is better when you read it drunk ? tequila mockingbird . 
if you spell chuck norris in scrabble , you win . forever . 
sugar - honey - iced - tea ... guess what it means . 
who never gets his hair wet in the shower ? a bald man . 
what's the most sensitive protein ? emoglobin . 
" wdasdwwadwwda " - said every pc gamer 
jejunum ? i hardly know him 
why don't electrical engineers get girls ? because they can resistor . 
sometimes , when i close my eyes , i ... can't see . 
what's a sicilian terrorists favorite treat ? italian isis 
what do you call a little lannister when winter finally comes ? peter shrinklage 
what's michigan's favorite beer ? pbr 
why were the twin towers sad ? they ordered pepperoni but got plain . 
why are iranian women always eating ? they can't stop getting stoned 
we're all part of the wtf generation : wikipedia , twitter and facebook . 
my girlfriend says she needs time and distance ... is she calculating velocity ? 
why do people live in regular houses when there are steakhouses 
static methods won't get this 
what has three feet but no legs ? a yardstick . 
whether my dreams are good or bad , waking up is always worse . 
why don't baseball players get much action ? because they have foul balls . 
obama wants another chance 
so what kills a joke ? the punch line . . . 
what's the best way to get bubble gum out of your hair ? cancer 
women , give them an inch and they'll want all eight . 
pms is a myth it's really just an ovary action . 
what does gollum think about gandalf's smoking addiction ? stupid , filthy habitses ! 
when is a parent like a child ? when he's a miner . 
how do gossipy hamburgers spend their time ? they chew the fat . 
i've decided to move to southern france ... i've got nothing toulouse . 
what did one potatoe say to another ? dan quayle wrote this joke . 
tifu by being a dyslexic bus driver whoops , wrong bus 
how does a flower get pollinated ? beez nuts ! 
do you know the definition of a bonehead ? someone who's marrow minded . 
count dooku has always been puzzled by his wife , sue . 
if a vegan does crossfit which do they talk about first ? 
i'm single for so long my last girlfriend dumped me on msn . 
if pink and glitter were vitamins blondes would be the healthiest people alive . 
where does ubisoft have the most trouble in school the division 
what was the name of russia's first female traffic cop ? ivana pulyova 
stop making jokes about noses it snot funny 
i'm a necrophiliac ... ... but my friends seem to be cool about it 
post and comment hey nice jokes 
what is a north korean's favorite school subject ? kimistry 
i always thought air was free until i bought a bag of chips . 
more like clifford the big red reason we are homeless 
i just got diagnosed with the inability to feel emotions now i'm sad 
my life . best joke i know ! 
why is harry potter so popular ? the story grows on you . 
anyone who says " good morning " on a monday is a sociopath . 
magic school bus movie don't get your hopes up 
nothing rhymes with trump wait . i meant nothing rhymes with orange 
nan , what is death ? nan ? nan ? . . 
what is blurrier the more you squint ? everything . 
fall asleep on a jigsaw . woke up with a puzzled face . 
time is what keeps things from happening all at once . 
women's rights ... what ? . did you expect more ? 
the more i learn about myself the more atheist i become . 
what will the isis be called when we eventually destroy them ? waswas . 
they should just report when there wasn't a shooting in florida at this point 
everyone thought the swordsmith was very persuasive he made a good point 
the only reason indian mothers don't shop online is coz they cant bargain there 
all the roles in gravity were played by martin lawrence . 
uses pic of car as profile pic . gets hunted down by decepticons . 
a joke about my girlfriend 
why isn't china a democracy ? because then they'd have to hold erections . 
whats 1 0 ? babies 
how does a german get to the airport ? he heils a taxi ! 
cheese makes everything better ... * sprinkles parmesan on broken leg * 
what race is the author of charlotte's web ? e b white 
how do you make instagram worthy coffee ? nofilter 
why r hillaryclinton is a ghost town all their keyboards have water damage . 
what is the best time to watch predator ? anytiiiiiiiiiime 
what makes an ink joke so funny ? the plot . 
r im14andthisisdeep ? ... i'm 12 and that's what she said 
why doesn't the pope like continuous functions ? they're not hole - y . 
a unit of power walks into a bar watt ? 
mega bites by amos quito 
fifa is a nonprofit . that's it . that's the joke 
it's not wingardium leviosa it's wingardium leviosah - dude 
if god is your co - pilot - swap seats . 
what's the cheapest present for an ophan ? a tattoo with dad 
oh cool this dress has pockets to keep my snacks in 
hello 911 ? yes do you think i'm pretty 
how do you get a fool to read something ? mark it as nsfw 
when do ghosts play tricks on each other ? on april ghoul's day 
oregon's defense . 
what travels down an alley and has holes in it ? batman's parents . 
if the camera really does add 10 pounds do ethiopian kids even exist ? 
a severed foot is the ultimate stocking stuffer . . 
" i'm a hoarse whisperer ... " - batman 
a bullet hit chuck norris yesterday today is the bullet's funeral 
science flies you to the moon religion flies you into buildings 
please write my tombstone in comic sans font . 
what job do you never stop training for ? conductor 
what disease do spartans get the most ? leon - itis . 
the nsa hired sarah palin so she could keep an eye on edward snowden 
which country will be the first to change to all electric vehicles ? madagascar 
what is the worst thing about gonorrhea ? the taste ! 
friday night is fred flintstone sliding down the dinosaur's back . 
where do arabians with cowboy hats gather ? howdy arabia 
that's disgusting unless you're up for it ? 
is that water coming out of your nose ? no , it'sn ot 
i'm so pale all of my relationships are interracial . 
this morning's commute could have used more fast and less furious . 
my retirement plan is to die young and broke . 
well , at least i didn't kill a lion ! - bill cosby 
today i learned ... that i'm on the wrong subreddit . 
which kitchen appliance do surfers dislike most ? the micro wave . 
ever hear about the jesus bomb ? red bull and merlot 
this show 2 broke girls 
what advice to cows give ? turn the udder cheek and mooooove on ! 
where does walmart keep the terminator toys ? aisle b , back . 
how did the dog feel when he lost his flashlight ? delighted . 
sorry i used your baby's bald head as a lipstick blotter . 
how do they educate locomotive drivers ? they train them 
a jehovah witness knock - knock joke : knock knock . . 
what do sound engineers say when they leave ? audios 
i'm never condescending that's when you talk down to people . 
til that someone in the uk gets stabbed every 52 seconds poor guy . 
what did the homeowners of house haunted by windows have ? phantom panes . 
being old is like being in prison ... it hurts to bend over . 
gaben failed at maths exam ... because he can't count up to 3 
lionel ritchie says hello , by the way . 
you know why the undertaker was fired ? he made a grave mistake . 
hey , old people ! less driving , more dying . thanks ! 
my diet this week consisted of 6 cheat days 
what's a crossfit bro's favorite italian dish ? testosteroni . 
him : you're terrifying me : awww you're just saying that 
if i cuold time travel i wouldn't have dropped out of school 
kobe bryant converted to islam today as - salamu a - laker 
there is only one rule for when you're in mexico trust no juan . 
what do communists clean first when they do their laundry ? their linens 
two baby seals walk into a club ... 
what goes " oh oh oh " ? santa walking backwards . 
what did keanu reeves say to slow down his horse ? whoa . 
what happens to a frog's car when it breaks down ? 
who is the fonz's favorite baseball team ? a'sz zzz 
why are gym memberships illegal ? because of the free exercise clause . 
i can not fathom how some people are exactly 6 feet tall . 
i can't wait until i'm 69 . it's going to be hilarious . 
homework . the teachers way of knowing how smart the parent is . 
the usb port on this cat doesn't work . 
why are carbon chains with two double bonds so sad ? because they're diene 
what do rodents do after dinner ? gopher a walk . 
what is the oldest red wine ? " they took our land ! " 
repent ! seek jesus ! judgement approaches ! 
i want to be pampered ! actually , any brand will do . 
in a serious water shortage r showerthoughts should be shut down . 
just caught a glimpse of myself naked - apologies in advance to my coroner 
breakfast musings ... a boiled egg is hard to beat . 
what is red and hurts when you bite it ? a brick . 
when's a door not a door ? when it's slightly ajar . 
i wonder who the sorting hat will choose as the new pope . 
necrophiles like their coffee like they like their women . still warm . 
i tried a new strain of weed ... i highly recommend it . 
what is a penguin ? a swallow who ate after 6pm . 
what european capital has the most ghosts ? boodapest ! 
my favorite joke is about music ... it's a well composed joke . 
what do elephants say as a compliment ? you look elephantastic ! 
so , what're all of us fortunate people complaining about today ? 
shortest maths joke lt 0 
i just ran out of tissues ... lately , it's been coming in handy 
the only thing more annoying than libertarians are the people who complain about libertarians 
russian history in 5 words : " and then things got worse . " 
do the people in fiji know we pay 4 dollars for their tap water 
no your a grammar nazi ! 
what's a dish best served cold ? air condish . 
what is made of wood and sticky ? ... a stick ! 
what's a baseball players favorite type cake ? a bundt cake . 
what different about an american christmas from a spanish one ? noel . 
yo mama head so big she has to step into her shirts . 
divide and conquer ? ok . * opens calculator app * 
a pyromaniac recently joined tinder ... he got a lot of matches 
highpotenuse i'm high on potenuse 
what is isis favourite file type ? . exe 
remember , in a few days this'll be last year . 
japan's woman soccer team 
what was the sci - fi remake of a streetcar named desire ? interstelllllllaaaaaaar 
my teacher reminds me of history she's always repeating herself ! 
what's the best vegetable to bring to a party ? stephen hawking 
my latest trick is turning big plates into small ones . it's saucery . 
top two sprees : 2 killing 1 shopping 
cliffs are so great ... but they have one downside 
when are latkes traditionally eaten ? while hiding in an attic . 
have i been drinking ? clearly officer , you're no detective . 
customer : waiter this soup tastes funny . waiter : so laugh sir . 
what's a good example that oil is a bad lubricant ? middle east 
why does our body absorb strontium ? to make our bones stronger 
i hope if i ever get taken in for questioning there's no algebra . 
* attempts seductive selfie in bed * drops phone on face * chips tooth 
whats a frogs favorite type of metal joining practice ? a rivet 
hottest fabric on ramps in paris this season : kevlar ... 
what did the ancient romans use to cut their hair ? caesars . 
how bad does an atheist smell ? ungodly 
your baby's cute . not baby elephant cute , but still cute . 
why didn't the guitarist get laid ? because he had bad pickups 
yes autocorrect , i was trying to find some amazon weed 
ha ji , kuch arz kiya hai shayeri joke sms 
i'm really sick of making my dog a birthday cake every 52 days . 
it's afro - carribean day at work tomorrow . i'm dreading it . 
what do you call star wars spoilers ? * wookie * leaks . 
imagine ferris bueller trying so hard not to instagram his whole day off . 
i'm feeling sluggish no one pour salt on me . 
you know what's really great about being a narcissist ? me . 
damn autocorrect ... it's always making me say things i didn't nintendo 
at the ferret store i'll take five of those furry slinkys 
what's the shortest organ in a goat ? an isis member ! 
bury me in a dog park so i can be some dogs treasure 
what's the fastest way to kill millions ? just swallow . 
big shoutout to my great grandmother she can't hear me otherwise 
what do orphans get for christmas ? lonely . 
* bites into tuba sandwich and breaks teeth * damn autocorrect 
i could tell it was a monopoly board from the word go 
imagine dressing up as hitler for halloween in israel . 
what is a kkk member's favorite board game ? cross fire 
why did the printer have wet ink ? because it couldn't control p 
this sentence . . this sentence contains exactly threeee erors . 
how did feminism start ? some guy forgot to lock the kitchen door 
halt ! hammerzeit ! 
i got a new fishing boat . i call it the master baiter . 
baby , let's stay up all night and watch people instagram the sunrise . 
why does sunscreen break atomic rule ? it's only spf 
girl you remind me of this steak i have no steak 
what do you call redditors when they get stds the hivmind 
my guy friend is pregnant ! inconceivable ! 
it's really cold this year in motown ... three degrees ... four tops 
don't be sad dirty dishes , nobody's doing me either . 
what's a fundamentalist christian's favorite type of car ? a convertible . 
i'm unpredictable . like a dad on a field trip . 
what did they priest say when he got censered ? holy smoke ! 
i unveiled my plan for loan repayments . it's staggering . 
i a tendency to skip words . 
what did caesar say when he went to the whorehouse ? veni vidi veni 
i'm sure without any training , i can sky dive . . only once 
what do you call a pompous hobbit ? bilbo braggins 
what do you mean pi r square ? pies are round 
what made the world stop being blue ? the new softcap limits 
motorcycles , more like donor cycles . 
why are mistborns always so thin ? because they're always burning calories ! 
why will trump become president ? because of his trump card . 
be careful who you trust , the devil was once an angel . 
never trust a woman who takes pictures from the neck up . 
horses are the most negative animals ... ... they are such neigh - sayers 
whoever invented knock knock jokes ... should get a no bell prize 
damn you bladder stop releasing my precious beer . 
roses are red violets are blue bad boys bad boys whatchagonnadoo 
what did the record holder for the world's longest coma get ? a trophy 
free reddit ! http : imgur . com 762fapg free reddit ! 
you know what schwarzenegger is up to these days ? he's an exterminator . 
for yoga people he who noticed it lotused it 
just so we're on the same page , i'm on 137 . 
what is the most romantic city in england ? loverpool ! 
sidebar the numbered jokes joke , start linking reposts and numbering them for science 
what's your favorite terraria boss ? mine is the enderdragon 
which lawyers are u2 fans ? the pro bono ones 
he's not dead he's electroencephalographically challenged . 
hey baby , what's your resonance frequency ? 
drinking too much coffee can cause a latte problems . 
i really like white dwarf stars ... ... my favorite is peter dinklage . 
what does the kkk use to bake cookies ? white flour ! 
so many boys , such little minds . 
ama i left the church of scientology two weeks ago deleted 
anyone who believes in telekinesis ... ... raise my hand 
i'm going to rewrite history . history . 
my cellphone is incredibly acidic ... it's a ph one 
what is the technical name for ironman overreacting ? " fe " male 
treat me like a semicolon and use me in all the wrong ways . 
thanks autocorrect , i did want to bang her braids out . 
what did they call postman pat after he retired ? pat 
wanna hear two short jokes and a long joke ? joke joke jooooke ! 
an incendiary note i left resulted in suicide by arson 
what television show best describes a mothers virginity ? lost 
everyone on reddit is nosey . . see . i told you . . 
this status maybe recorded for quality and training purposes 
i need a drink 
when's the best time to go skydiving ? fall . 
i love cliffhangers ... 
ideas are like kids don't have them 
what does sean connery surf on the internet ? reddish . 
my cousin couldn't pay the church for her exorcism so they repossessed her . 
a german installs a bath around his table badumtisch 
origami belts they're a waist of paper 
i worked myself up from nothing to a state of extreme poverty . 
why does donald trump oppose single payer ? because he is a toupeer 
idea for dieting : fridges with mirrors . 
remember , flies transmit diseases so keep yours up 
if tomatoes are a fruit , then ketchup is a smoothie . 
my dad died on 9 11 ... he was a terrible pilot . 
" blow on this . " hot food . 
that escalated quickly - me to 4 unamused strangers on the mall escalator . 
i may be dumb , but i'm not stupid . 
some women bounce back quickly after pregnancy . . some just bounce 
my body is shaped like a hooded sweatshirt . 
what happened to the frog who parked illegally ? he got toad 
i may be schizophrenic ... but at least i have each other . 
what's worse than stubbing your toe ? the holocaust 
you used to call me on my nokia phone 
what does apathy sound like ? i'm ellen pao , ama 
what is woman spelled backwards ? kitchen 
where do old egyptian people go to swim ? the senile river 
that awkward movement when you ... read movement as moment . 
where are the best leaders made ? flint , michigan . 
i didn't want to walk in the woods . but i was forest 
jesus opened up a shop ... and it was called jesus christ superstore 
243 http : www . reddit . com r jokes comments 11rg19 efficient_jokes 
chuck norris doesn't step on toes . chuck norris steps on necks . 
if lamar odom would've died ... he would've went out with a bang . 
why do hippies wear corduroy ? it's groovy ! 
sign at restaurant reads : eat here diet home 
what's an ants favourite collectible item antiques 
the nintendo 64 turned 18 today now you can legally blow the cartridges . 
what does a spanish programmer program in ? si 
up - dog something smells like updog . 
how i broke my cat's knees ? with rude eyes . 
is bb hungry ? no , bb - 8 
i divorced my wife because she made a horrible april fools joke april fools 
i'm giving up self control for lent it's going to be so hard ! 
did you hear about the mime murders ? it was an unspeakable horror 
bowling would be more interesting if it were slightly uphill . 
the first 36 years of my childhood have been the hardest . 
this may be the vodka talking , but . 
what is green and goes backwards at 1000 miles per hour snorts 
just ignore me ! 
quack quack who's there ? a duck . 
when do computers go to sleep ? when it's internight . 
where do you get frog's eggs ? the spawn shop . 
you can say that hodor was branwashed . 
* eats whole carrot cake * * waits for eyesight to improve * 
meek mill's response 
what do bees do with their honey ? they cell it . 
what do the french call artificial feet for cats ? faux paws 
my new girlfriend just gave me her number i 
where do footballers dance ? at a football ! 
what cloud is so lazy because it will not get up ? - fog 
egotist : a person who is usually me - deep in conversation . 
the phone cops got a new case . it fit snuggly . 
go to www . jebbush . com 
if women lactate ... then men ... 
did you hear about that air asia flight ? air traffic control didn't . 
if your religion is worth killing for , start with yourself . 
what hogwarts house was the big bad wolf in ? hufflepuff 
why is tigger always dirty ? because he plays with pooh 
donald trump isn't a wight supremacist ... he is an orange supremasist 
he died doing what he loved shouting boo ! behind horses . 
im at the swamp does anyone need anything 
satan cannot be everywhere , so relatives were created . . 
why wouldn't the vampire eat his soup ? it clotted . 
i failed my spelling test i got an f for f - ort . 
i watched cinderella backwards today ... 
do people lifting with their knees and backs know about using their hands ? 
what is the gender of iron man ? fe male 
decadent : posessing only ten teeth . 
wanna expand my polynomial ? 
why are people without converse shoes dangerous ? because they own none chucks . 
all of these ferguson jokes lately ... what a riot ! 
why don't canadians have many orgies ? too many thank - you notes . 
yo momma's so fat ... ligo detected her gravitational wave . 
women call it a secret sixth sense , men call it paranoia . 
my skis are like my parents they're drifting apart 
how do russians drive to alaska ? by bearing straight 
whats a caged animal's favorite food ? zoocchini 
how do you make a slow reindeer fast ? don't feed it ! 
when i found out carl was a beekeeper i stopped loaning him bees . 
just once , i'd like to see a cactus that isn't flexing . 
what is m . night shamalan's favorite game ? twister . 
" be careful ! i have osteoporosis ! " she snapped . 
where do eskimos train their dogs ? in the mush room ! 
how does snoop dogg prepare for christmas ? he raps his presents 
shakespeare was a good sport ... he ended all his sonnets with gg . 
don't lye . it makes you basic . 
" watch me smell my wine . " - white people 
what do they do in west virginia for halloween ? pump kin 
how does a candy bar laugh ? it snickers 
two men walk into a bar ... you'd think the second one would've noticed 
heard if the obama diet ? putin eats your lunch everyday ... 
i may be single but at least im gettin f * cked financially ! 
war is god's way of teaching americans geography . 
" he be dead . " who ? your english teacher ? 
what is the fiercest flower in the garden ? the tiger lily ! 
why can't you lift weights on monday ? it's a week day . 
what's a pig's favourite casino game ? porker . 
i don't throw snowballs because i believe snowman life begins at snowball conception . 
so a guy enters a theme park alone 
* shakes brain like an etch - a - sketch * 
what did the diabetic's girlfriend call him as pet name ? sweet pee . 
what is britain's most popular newspaper amongst breastfeeding mothers ? the daily express . 
stop putting famous names at the end of random quotes . - bob marley 
a load of old rubbish by stefan nonsense 
why repent ? i pented just last week . 
where does a hedge knight invest his money ? in a hedge fund 
why did russia close all of its airports ? the planes were stalin . 
can't believe i'm still writing " - oslovakian " on all my czechs . 
what is a person with epilepsy's favourite salad ? chicken seizure salad . 
what did one pizza tell the other pizza ? a cheesy pun . 
feels like there's not enough blood in my drugstream . 
who called it an infinity scarf instead of a scaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa 
you can find weed in almost every book go to page 420 
why can't anarchists draw straight lines ? because they don't have any rulers . 
i've never been held hostage but i've been on a group text . 
why did the blonde snort splenda ? she thought it was diet coke . 
what's chris brown's favourite drink ? punch 
when he proposed to her . she found it very engaging . 
why did the hippie drown ? he was too * far out * ! 
sorry i booped your nose during your meltdown . . 
how did princess aurora catch her prince ? she became a sleeper agent 
what kind of band plays snappy music ? a rubber band . 
what do you call war fought with bees ? ... beeological warfare 
what do you call a beaten up pretzel ? a salted pretzel 
pot bellied pigs are gateway pigs to cocaine bellied pigs . 
what's a poor person favorite meal ? sleep . 
what's the most disloyal animal to it's mate ? a cheetah . 
canada has crack ? 
i lost 100 pounds with this one weird trick ! exercise 
why is imgur down ? it was over * cat * pacity . 
what is a video game characters favorite method of brawling ? hitboxing ! 
condoms are really counterproductive . 
what hotel does link always ask for ? hyatt 
i'm 2 3 virgin . 
plot twist nigerian prince won the powerball jackpot and he's emailing everyone now . 
request aboriginal jokes 
north korea is calling for war . in other news , it's saturday . 
my girlfriend is like ketchup . i always bang her on the table . 
what military rank do you hold while using a pay toilet ? lieutenant 
what would you call it if hitler was mad ? infuhreriated . 
i was sober for 12 years ... and then i turned 13 . 
french toast is just like regular toast but with a tongue in it 
what do you say to a urinating italian ? you're - a - pee'n 
nothing says defeat than deleting your own tweet . 
what does belathor call his balls ? his treasures . 
why do people hate cliffhangers ? because the suspense is killing them . 
necrophiliacs love going out on expiration dates . 
star wars has given me unrealistic expectations of who my father is . 
what does santa do with a lazy reindeer ? sleighs em 
what is kim jong un's favourite video game ? duke nukem . 
how do skateboarders see ? so gnar 
just remember that whatever you put up with , you end up with . 
what do you call it when someone steals your footrest ? grand theft ottoman 
what do you call two skunks sixty - nining ? odor eaters . 
how does the navy separate the men from the boys ? with a crowbar 
there is a thin line between 911 . . and 9 11 
where did hitler watch tv ? in his * lebensraum . * 
xm radio suddenly went to the hospital it's in sirius condition . 
just laminated my dad . 
africans would remember this ebola 
tiger woods playing golf 
cool name for god " head writer of the weather channel " 
mimosa's the morning after pill for an alcoholic's hangover . 
what's a neckbeard's favourite disease ? m'la ria . 
what does a mobster buried in cement eventually become ? a hardened criminal . 
excuse me but i didn't order hamlet i ordered an omlet 
how dare you call me when dogs 101 is on 
what is an elephants favourite film ? elephantasia 
what's 18 inches long and never gets used ? leonardo dicaprio's acceptance speech . 
here's a good one the 2016 political race . 
my dyslexic cat thinks she has " p " no . of lives . 
like my grandma always says ... put more booze in the mashed potatoes 
what's an epileptic persons favorite appetizer ? seizure salad . 
south park buzz bazinga punk ! 
have you heard the one about the sheep ? it's baaad ... 
what's an impressionist's favorite condiment ? manet's . 
what's 7 - 1 ? a national disappointment . 
q : why was the willow weeping ? a : he was unpoplar . 
what is wilford brimley's favorite band ? the beatis . 
a photographer shot his subject with a canon . she was blown away . 
wanna hear a bill cosby joke ? drink this first . 
what's your best michael jackson is dead joke ? 
deep sleep prevents aging . especially when you are driving . 
it started with a star and ended with a restraining order . 
ms . pac - man should only cost 70 of a quarter per play 
what makes a little bit of sense , but you'll never understand ? hobos 
i drink rockstar cause i'm a rockstar . my wife drinks monster . 
here is the best joke ever donald trump 
this is the funniest joke you'll ever read , i promise ! removed 
" single and ready to pringle . " - my friday nights : 
mike's dad has three sons . . snap crackle and ... ? mike 
you better lock your doors tonight , person who taught my parents texting . 
what cheese do you use to hide a horse ? mascarpone ! 
the pope just changed his relationship status to it's complicated ... 
facebook : the only place where you get excited when strangers follow you . 
who is vietnam's greatest superhero ? vietman . 
i was in a serious relationship once . we never even smiled . 
nutflick and chill 
what joke did drake get when talking to diddy ? the punchline 
what was bruce lee's favorite drink ? wataaaaaaaaar 
tooth sale two buck teeth for 1 buck 
travels back in time accidentally kills baby charlie chaplin 
why couldn't the salad bowl play scrabble ? it had run out of lettuce 
what do you call protestants who want to save a dime ? econoclasts . 
if it exists behind a paywall , does it really exist ? 
my twitter crush is 4 , 762 - timing me ! 
what do monsters play when they are in the bus ? squash . 
i wish there were a way to find hot singles in my area . 
what is brown and screams ? stevie wonder when he answers the iron . 
i just bought my first girlfriend online i got her off e - bae 
i usually like to go fishing ... just for the halibut 
i'll finish this joke when my dad gets back buying cigarets 
why are toblerone's triangular shaped ? so they fit in the box . 
where did javon get his earrings ? ja mall 
what branch of the military are horses in ? the naaaaayyyvy 
just helped a girl give birth ... op delivered . 
my physics teacher said i have potential and then pushed me down the stairs 
how is your golf game ? eh ... it's sub - par . 
whoever drew the food pyramid forgot to coat the outside in ranch dressing . 
what kind of people like scottie's hair ? chubby 7th grade girls ! 
no wonder satan hates humanity ... we draw him as the ugliest goat alive 
what is anon's favorite coding language ? fortran 
i barely slept last night i kept dreaming about mufflers . i'm exhausted . 
where do lightbulbs die ? offswitch . 
things you will never see in a fortune cookie 
love yourself . but , not in public . that's illegal . 
what do you call two bees at the seaside ? a b amp b 
who's the friendliest person at the hospital ? the ultra sound guy . 
joke what did the cup say to the mop 
my girlfriend complained about me moving on too fast . 
starbucks bathrooms are exclusively for terrible diarrhea , right ? 
who is the second coolest doctor in the hospital the hip replacement guy 
why are iphone chargers not called apple juice ? 
quit college . become an oven . get up to like 500 degrees . 
missed connection : you were attractive . i awkwardly overreacted to your presence . 
i , for one , like roman numerals 
my thai girlfriend is so generous she gave me a pearl necklace . 
hipster sushi restaurants only serve eye rolls . 
virginia wolf more like virginia woof 
i'm so attractive whenever i enter a room , the lights get turned on 
what is eminem's favourite food ? wraps 
hey click this link . 
want to hear a racist joke ? civil rights act of 1964 . 
i wish labor day was 9 months after spring break 
so i peed on my phone last night man was i pissed . 
does anyone have a good joke about essays paper writing i can use ? 
the chief export of chuck norris is pain . 
my first language is typo . 
ben carson zzzzzzzzz 
i'm not fat . i'm famine proof . 
what's the best thing about dark humor ? people don't take it lightly . 
whats the least paying job ? british dentist . 
pooped without my phone this morning , just like gandhi . 
alfijnbahkfnbsbbakrbbjdnebzk hzueonyvag macarena yrvixndvwhkga ndhwkdbcbe hayvektoubabrjnahor heyyyy macarena 
what's grosser than gross ? 2 eels screwing in a bucket of snot . 
how do you get a drummer to drink a beer open it for him 
what's the worst thing about losing your hand you're also losing your girlfriend 
scientist believe that coworkers are the main reason why humans developed middle fingers . 
what kind of tie is best to wear in a fight ? muay thai 
soviet valentine's day you are the hammer to my sickle . 
the nfl replacement refs 
tuesdays go into humpdays now don't they 
what counting system does valve use ? trinary 
kidnapping catnapping keeps you well rested , kidnapping gets you arrested . 
congrats amy winehouse on being 5 years sober 
what was jesus never thankful for ? fridays . 
nobody likes the girl who brings the acoustic guitar guy to the party . 
grammar died so that twitter could live . 
what do cows usually fly around in ? helicowpters and bulloons . 
why was the lions stomach enormous ? because he finally swallowed his pride 
donald trump is banning pre - shredded cheese and making america grate again 
i'll never forget the day i met you ... ... but i'm trying . 
how does smaug copy files to a usb stick ? dragon drop 
which is the favorite us state of miley cyrus ? montana . 
punish your cat by lint rolling him until he is completely gone . 
david guetta feat . the person who sings the whole song 
what's a terrible plate pun ? dish one . 
why is childbirth called " delivery " and not " take out ? " 
what is worse than raining cats and dogs ? raining elephants ! 
i want a real relationship not a facebook one 
i'm not homophobic , i love my house ! 
i can type 600 words per minute but none of them makes any sense 
accountants aren't boring people they just get excited about boring things . 
what's the best part about abortions ? they never get old 
what do fish do when they have cancer ? nemotherapy 
iama pc user who bought winrar ama 
your momma so dumb she bought a book on how to read 
til where the first french fry was made . in grease . 
what's infinity minus one ? a sideways seven . 
demons must be obese ... ... because they hate getting exorcised . 
what's a vampire's favorite dance ? the fang tango . 
what is the temperature of the average coffin ? 6 below 
if the music's too loud you're too old . 
what i want in a man nsfw 
bikini season is right around the corner ... but so is chipotle 
why are dogs in a lot of pain ? because they chew balls . 
why did the h blow itself up ? because the jihad . 
how heavy is a dumpling ? wanton 
the first rule of parenting is : never negotiate with terrorists . 
loneliness is when a person always knows where all of his things are . 
hey billy joel it's called a pianist . 
how do you call bob the builder when he is unemployed ? bob 
william shatner ? i didn't even know he knew her . 
" boo ! " - - cow with a cold 
remove dead skin by hurling yourself into an active volcano . 
83 of white folks stressing about their court dates are referring to tennis . 
was forced to watch lifetime and now i think my water just broke 
what political party does donald trump belong to ? the whig party 
your mumma so fat . its not a joke . im just stating facts 
takes dog to park * waits for romantic comedy to begin 
maybe early risers just aren't as awesome at sleeping as i am . 
imagine us waiting for 2016 and all of sudden comes 2015 s 
my dog said i was crazy 
" i ate thoup before it wath cool . " - hipthter 
how do frogs manage to lay so many eggs ? they sit eggsaminations ! 
why do babies cry so much ? you're mom . 
what does love mean to a tennis player ? nothing 
i can do number tricks in my head they do cartwheels and handstands . 
what does an octopus have ten of ? tickles ... 
this unicorn sitting next to me is saying that i drank too much 
chris christie stopped running ... go figure 
" i stalk people you've probably never heard of " - hipster stalker 
i don't think that was a chocolate chip . 
laugh while you can , 2016 ... ... you're next . 
define " no more twitter or i will leave you . " 
a look into the mind of women ... 
what's the best thing about deadly snakes ? they've got poisonality ! 
the funniest vampire jokes ... ... never see the light of day 
what is the dogs favourite city ? new yorkie ! 
had a lot of chemistry with my high - school science teacher . 
i hate it when i open twitter and miss a week of work . 
islam is a race to the 7th century . 
what's cooler than obama ? snowbama 
what's another name for a prosthetic patella ? faux - knee 
what does a duck call a tractor ? a quacktor 
why do mice have such small balls ? they can't dance very well . 
doc : how is your headache ? she : he is doing fine . 
who decided to call them a personal trainer and not a gym reaper ? 
attention walmart shoppers - there is someone dressed appropriately in aisle 12 
molestation , mo'pr oblems 
i really understand how batteries feel ... i'm rarely included in things either . 
how does a redheaded surgeon operate ? gingerly 
i can never remember whether or not i'm supposed to mess with texas . 
drills are boring . 
so much rosemary . so little thyme . 
what happened when pigs started flying ? everyone got swine flu 
excuse me ladies , but my eyes are up here . 
got em deez nutz 
hundred dollar idea : go to an atm . withdraw 100 . 
why do fire departments have dalmatians ? to help the firemen find the hydrants 
women like men with an accent , not an axe scent 
what do vampires cross the sea in ? blood vessels . 
what kind of bathroom does napoleon use ? a waterloo 
merry christmas . . or happy heineken , as the case may be 
words i say when i sing along to informer by snow : informer 
do you remember when your grandma was younger ? neither does she . 
changed my outgoing voicemail message to " you have reached the government . " 
what is an aliens favorite keyboard key the space key 
what's a sheep's favourite band ? ewe 2 
remember : if you mention another race , you're racist . 
never trust a woman who doesn't b * tch about everything . 
what's the most important part of a vegetable's golf stats ? the handicap . 
good baseball player nicknames if they weren't already taken : - batman - hitler 
100 legal to pay a kid to punch another kid in the face . 
have you tried rocky mountain oysters ? they're offal . 
how do you get akbar to shut up ? muzzle'm . 
did it hurt when you fell from heaven straight into hell ? 
what is a viking's favorite music ? ragnarock 
does anyone smell that up dog ? 
the 21st century : when deleting history is more important than making it . 
nfl players fireworks 
you know what's a good joke ? the css of this subreddit 
ignorance is only bliss until you wish you knew the answer 
son : dad how do stars die ? dad : drugs , usually 
it's funny how one person can make you never trust anybody ... 
my dvd got a scratch ... so i used sandpaper to smooth it out 
pretty sure this dollar store toothpaste is just white paint . 
what kind of tea do koalas drink ? euca - lipton 
whats another term for acid ? its on the tip of my tongue ... 
diets are like ghosts . they might exist , but i wouldn't know . 
if you dress in cowboy clothes does that mean you're ranch dressing ? 
why don't good golfers cheat ? cause they play the fairway . 
i hate computer speak my brain just cant process it . 
frostbite ! ! it snow joke ! ! 
my boss told me to have a good day so i went home . 
what do you call an unsweetened , kosher lemonade ? acidic juice 
* gives date flowers * here . i murdered these plants for you . 
charlie sheen ... ... he's on a drug called zidovudine too soon ? 
can i borrow a kiss ? i promise i'll give it back . 
you're her boyfriend ? ! that's cool ! i'm her manfriend ! 
from a funny twitter post if rather die than commit suicide . 
hello everyone . how are we ? ... was the capital of wodesia 
i once dated an amputee . she single - handedly changed my life 
what kind of cell phone doesn't have a lock ? a nokia 
speaking of short term memory , 
chuck norris threw a grenade and killed 15 people then the grenade exploded . 
what do white nationalists call three left turns ? an alt - right 
where do most illegal immigrants go in america ? allah - bama . 
i just love that fragrance you're wearing , is that consent ? 
how do thieves kiss ? they make out like bandits . 
clocks in heaven 
your kid may be an honors student , but you're still an idiot . 
what does a dog do that a man steps in ? pants 
what's worse than morning wood ? mourning wood 
i decided to rob a blood bank they caught me red - handed . 
man who washes with dog toy becomes squeaky clean 
does the world really need another rhetorical question ? 
why does laundry happen to good people ? 
people making jokes about communism are all sharing laughs 
everyone's making mayan jokes like there's no tomorrow ! 
the wind is such a whore ... ... it blows everyone . 
femi - nazi moderator free speech to hell 
your trophy wife is more of a participation trophy wife , isn't she ? 
why was the graveyard so noisy ? because of all the coffin . 
how does a mathematician swear ? math - you . 
what is the disease that killed princes diana ? car pole tunnel syndrome 
why would you get mad ? because you cant take a joke . 
" let me be perfectly clear " - my aquarium 
how did the toad feel in the morning ? a little bit froggy 
i don't trust umbrellas . they're shady . 
an app to tase restaurant owners who call appetizers " apps " 
looking at ceiling of sistine chapel mmm its a little busy . 
where did the one legged waitress work ? ihop 
i'm no scientist but you're an idiot . 
why won't microsoft hire any maids ? because they don't do windows 
confucius say ... . . confucius say man drunk in cemetery make grave mistakes 
how to have a seance ance . ok you're turn . 
roger goodell 
i got a tattoo in memory of mh370 ... you'll never find it . 
what does a latina like on her bagel ? papi seeds . 
british politics is like a gym . everyone laughs when they see youkip . 
why does a dirvorce cost so much ? because it's worth it 
i finally found out why clickbait is so effective . 
what do fbi agents grill for the 4th of july ? hillary . 
what will russians be cooking for thanksgiving ... ? turkey 
freedom isn't free , so stop whining and pay your taxes . 
what is green and smells like pork ? kermits finger ... 
how do you cure a mute coworker ? tell them a secret 
what did the fisherman say to the fisherwoman ? your place or mine 
what was the yacht doing while it played heavy metal music ? dokken 
whats a feminist least favorite football team ? manchester united 
knock knock whos there daisy daisy who daisy me rollin they hatin 
whenever i game on my note 7 i always have such a blast 
outvoted 1 - 1 by my wife again . 
what does a suicidal teenager do on the weekends ? hang at home . 
you know what isn't a joke ? hitlers gas bill . 
finally friday ! felt like it took a week to get here ! ! 
75 of my day consists of looking at the clock and not believing it 
how was snoop dogg murdered ? blunt force trauma . 
what do you call a person who teaches about drones ? dronacharya 
children in the dark cause accidents . accidents in the dark cause children . 
paris hilton is suddenly a dj ? well . then i'm a dragon . 
what do you call social networking for magical creatures ? faebook . 
meaningless statistics are up 17 today 
playing truant from school is like a credit card fun now pay later ! 
what did the vietnamese sandwich salesman say to the unhappy mod ? banh mi 
what country has the highest concentration of pool players ? irack . 
siri , are you a funny reference any more ? 
i'm watching my neighbor through the blinds , he's so creepy . 
a liberal is just a conservative that hasn't been mugged yet . 
you can't buy love , but you pay heavily for it . 
what's your most messed up morally wrong joke ? 
what do you call a witch who only eats sand ? malnourished . 
fishermen ... ... are reel men . 
dinosaurs went extinct because they heard chuck norris was coming . 
what's the most electronegative state ? fluorida ! 
when you hold me , i'd prefer it not be " accountable . " 
what's a mouse's favourite record ? please cheese me ! 
can't afford anti - depressants so i'm just drinking no more tears shampoo . 
who did the chickens vote for president ? baraaaaaak obama 
what's a german's favourite number ? nein 
are you a hydroelectric source of power ? ... cause dam ! 
what happens when a fly drinks rum ? it gets buzzed ! 
why don't seagulls fly over bays ? because then they'd be called bagels ! 
my friend says he's doing good he means well 
glockenspiel germanic efficiency brought to the game of russian roulette . 
marley and me has a sequel ! it's called me ... 
iphone 8 screen removed 
what's purple - headed and makes women moan ? crib death . 
the real magic of christmas is how quickly money vanishes from my wallet . 
people never point out how awesome meth is for weight loss . 
reddit , tell me the most offensive joke you know . nsfw 
just an internet explorer joke loading ... 
how do you call someone named olaf with ebola ? ebolaf 
welche vier flusse kennt jede blondine ? rhein , inn , main , po 
csi is like scooby - doo for old people . 
why did the chicken cross the road ? because 7 8 9 hahahaha 
what america thinks of donald trump is what the world thinks of america . 
my dog always walked backwards ... so i named him god . 
whyisleatherarmorbestforsneaking ? it'sl iterallymadeofhide 
what's putin having for christmas ? turkey 
i hate people who support the nazis they're such deutschbags . 
what do older women wear ? depends 
what dance did the rastafarian teach ash ketchum ? dah okey pokey mon . 
rome wasn't built in a day . but part of it was . 
why did the boat know it had a leak ? that sinking feeling ... 
what is the swamp - dwellers favorite form of extraterrestrial life ? the martians 
god bless the 1st weatherman to dress as danny zuko plead with sandy 
excuse me while i go powder the inside of my nose . 
you can actually drink lava ! but only once . 
deez nuts hah goteem 
why don't english teachers like parole ? they prefer complete sentences . 
anxiety depression joke i'm always exhausted ... except for my nervous energy . 
what do you call those things that get fluff off a sweater ? women 
just spent another day totally agreeing with everything pretty girls say . 
much like apple products , i also , am only compatible with myself . 
free palestine ! with purchase of equal or greater value . 
yo mama so greasy she used bacon as a band - aid ! 
did you hear about the bob marley impersonator ? he's dreadful . 
rip jordin sparks she had no air 
business idea : own a profitable business 
what did the radiographer call her daughter ? imogen 
a friend that steals your tortilla chips is nacho friend . 
north korea's launch code b a 
summer in scotland . . . is the best day of the year . 
there's something about a mousetrap that i can't quite put my finger on . 
i'm a grave digger , my hole job is depressing . 
how do you clear out a synagogue call the irs 
why i'm leaving r jokes i'm going to bed 
surround yourself with people who will groom your eyebrows should you ever become comatose 
why does britain love tea so much ? because tea leaves . 
yeah i got a job at coca cola ... it's sodapressing . 
a fish lost it's body part . fin . 
the comic wonder of the week is " the contest " by reedburns audio 
what did the bullied microchip say ? pic on someone your own size ! 
goes to church to find god's love . friendzoned . 
your momma is so fat , her personal website has a . org domain 
never believe what a fish says it sounds fishy ... . ... sorry 
what dinosaur knows the most words ? thesaurus . : 
mmo players are the best people in bed . they're good grinders . 
our father who art in heaven what does that mean like painting or something 
what did melania trump say to her speech writer ? thanks , obama . 
what kind of bugs bother sporting dogs ? ath - fleats ! 
what do rich people and bad flossers have in common ? deep pockets . 
politician noun : someone who will lay down your life for his country . 
i see said the blind man as he picked up his hammer and saw 
what could dora the explorer's kids be called ? doritos 
what shoes to chickens wear ? reebok bok bok 
a horse trots into a bar , trips , and falls 
only a widow can say exactly where her husband is . 
what are the two words men hate most unless used together ? don't stop 
on the bright side selfie sticks are also lightning rods . 
in hell , you're surrounded by people saying suposably and irregardless . 
what is an algorithm when the presidential candidate goes to a discotech 
what does a virus call a cluster of stars and gas ? nebola 
naked man doing jumping jacks ... db qp db qp db qp db qp 
laugh ! besty medicine 
you guys ever try boiled pasta ? it's not as crunchy but it's alright 
decaf only works if you throw it on people . 
what is a cancer patients favorite bingo number ? b9 
is the paleo diet the one where you only eat dinosaurs ? 
i resolve that in 2010 i will kick my procrastination habit in 2011 . 
i was recently diagnosed with depression it made me sad 
what is a spectre's favorite theme park attraction ? the roller ghoster 
what kind of memes do germans like ? danke memes 
joke about north korea ! deleted 
your inspirational tweets were so inspiring they inspired me to unfollow you . 
who does a jedi call when he forgets his keys ? a locksith . 
i'm at that age where all of my sentences start like this one . 
what's the number for baltimore chiropractic services ? 9 - 1 - 1 
what does my dad do for fun ? beats me _ _ 
she asked me to go deeper so i started quoting nietzsche 
" emma stone " italian man telling you he's high 
don't ever go to bates motel ... a psyco lives there ! 
why did constantinople fall ? itstumbled . 
we're all big racist time bombs set for " elderly . " 
military shouldn't hire people named will . 
i destroyed the garden yesterday . thankfully i'm off the antibiotics monday . 
do cannibals just upload a bunch of pictures of their friends on instagram ? 
i don't trust anyone with a beard , especially a woman 
i just applied for my medical marijuana certificate . reason : joint pain . 
i only wash my hands when other dudes are in the bathroom . 
this oatmeal tastes like i'm gonna need a doughnut . 
i gave up on photography . couldn't focus . 
the clock was still hungry ... so it went back four seconds . 
non - lactating cows are milk duds . 
you're never drinking alone if you nickname your ice cubes . 
what do identical stars do ? twin - kle 
i'm surprised that more people don't shoot at the signs on target stores . 
what did the lizard get at home depot ? reptile . 
if all your friends jumped off a bridge , would you instagram it ? 
i learned today that i'm still a reddit noob . 
what do you call a silly , apathetic german boy ? agoofaloofagus 
how i met your father announced . starring me and your mom . 
why didn't timmy get his parents christmas presents ? he's an orphan . 
new years - the only day where its socially acceptable to drink this early 
i knew you'd come crawling back the minute i stole your wheelchair 
what are the spookiest sounds ? skeletones . 
yo guys , does it smell like updog in here to you ? 
do you know the time ? no we haven't met yet ! 
what do you call a reliable coke dealer ? instagram 
tragic sewing accident kills woman and three children ... whoops , wrong thread . 
at my intervention mom : some of us feel uncomfortable with your pinned tweet 
i will carry 17 grocery bags or die trying before making two trips . 
someone talked to me today about having two x chromosomes . typical woman . 
a zombie boyfriend will love you for your brain and not your body . 
i'm so sick of political jokes ... i've seen too many get elected . 
til that 4 3 people ... struggle with fractions 
what kind of cheese is best to watch lost with ? smoked muenster . 
what are aladdin's least favourite biscuits jaffar cakes 
if you don't come to my funeral , then i won't go . 
home alone ... time to teach the neighbors what good music sounds like ! 
what's a telemarketer's favourite element ? scamdium . 
thumb war is never the thumb answer . 
spider - man never tweets via iphone . he's a web kinda guy . 
taylor swift stabs lucky fan 1 , 989 times . 
whats a hippy ? ? the thingy where your leggies hang from 
whats a pimps favorite cereal ? cheeryhoes 
if masturbation lead to blindness internet would be in braille 
the weatherman keeps saying we are getting a pounding . * followed * 
i'll bet your parents hit the jerkpot ! 
with the right person , there is no such thing as inappropriate behavior . 
half - life 3 is getting made . 
i'm already visualising the duct tape across your mouth . 
how soft is bill gate's pillow ? microsoft . 
i'm pro - choice pro - life is for babies . 
what do space aliens put on their windows ? venutian blinds . 
my wife has a logic fetish ... she's always coming to conclusions . 
i'd make an apple joke ... but they'd probably remove it . 
what is a drug addict's favorite series ? really anything with a strong heroine 
the most attractive thing about you is your gravity . 
the karate student kept killing all his teachers ... i guess he became desenseitized 
why are artificial intelligences in movies always female ? because they're never wrong 
love your neighbor , but don't get caught . 
i wonder who coined the term money . 
i love drowning ... it just takes my breath away . 
how do crabs get out of hospitals ? on crotches . 
what education program did eric wright enroll in ? ece 
drive me up the wall , so i know you're 4 wheel 
how much onion does dad use in his bolognese ? shallot 
never telling another baby goat joke again . i'm not kidding . 
what do scientists wear ? kelvin klein 
canofworms . exe 
i hate how every single day my ex wife just keeps waking up ! 
who is shrek's favorite basketball player ? shrekquille o'ne al i'm sorry 
who lives in a pineapple under the sea ? madeleine mccann 
there may be no excuse for laziness , but i'm still looking . 
i turned into a transformer last night ... and boy are my arms tires 
does holy water work on obnoxious children 
real house wines . 
i knew i was old when i opened internet explorer . 
what did adam do when he wanted some sugar ? he raised cain . 
my brain hurts . that means it's getting stronger . right ? 
know what i call girls who run faster than me ? cardio 
what's goku's favorite subject ? super science . 
if the pensieve from harry potter could think ... it would be thoughtful . 
we must be subatomic particles , because i feel strong force between us . 
how did australians get ebola ? by eating at outbreak steak house 
give me your best pun and i will put them in the despiption . 
9 11 americans won't get this joke 
hey girl , are you a fan ? because you're obsessive and loud 
how do you beat the islanders ? give em a 3 goal lead 
i wouldn't say i never exercise . occasionally , my nose runs . 
4 out of 1 dentists have multiple personality disorder 
the mayor of baltimore 
mike hawk is huge ! ! ! 
what airline allows you to pee in cruise ? wizz air 
how does a barnacle like its martinis ? on the rocks . 
what do you see when you go to the tiny beach ? microwaves . 
what do call a bunch of white people on a bench ? the nba 
15 is the age where you either look like 11 or 25 . 
why does russia not celebrate thanksgiving ? because they hate turkey 
who is the most famous dj in australia ? dj redo 
him : hi me : i bet you say that to all the girls 
anonymous now declared war on isis ... it's now a hacking contest . 
monster - making as a hobby by frank n . stine 
i don't think my inner child is ever moving out . 
where are pcs formed ? in the computerus . 
my wife has just left me for arnold schwarzenegger . she'll be back . 
the ducks in cern what does the ducks in cern say ? quark quark 
what if balloons take over and start twisting us into animal shapes ? 
call a man vandor of water die because of thirsty 
what's donald trump's favorite sport , according to cnn ? dodgeball . 
the first time your mom saw me naked she asked for an epidural 
people make me sick , unless you cook them properly . 
i'm like a dead owl ... i just don't give a hoot anymore . 
geometry is so discriminatory how come there are only straight angles ? 
what must a vampire earn to learn to fly ? his red wings . 
why do gardeners make horrible cops ? because they keep planting evidence . 
why can't you find pirates in kansas ? they all live in arkansas 
what do you call a mill thats just ok ? a satisfactory . 
i know a place where the recycling rate is 99 r jokes 
some macians can walk on water but chuck norris can swim through land 
knuckle tats : i m h u n g r y 
i was born to be happy ... not normal . 
men , what's worse than satan himself ? satan herself 
what do you call someone who commits piracy ? neckbeard the pirate 
a pessimist's blood type is always b - negative . 
becoming a vegetarian is a huge missed steak 
i have swagger . at least , that's what my deodorant says . 
what's donald's true political party ? whig 
what is the nastiest bun of them all a * cinna * bun 
why couldn't hitler fly a plane ? because he could nazi very well . 
why do dogs lick themselves ? because they can ! 
i know alcohol isn't the answer , but it's my best guess . 
when does 2 - 1 0 ? when you're talking about choices . 
why is it called bacon if you fry it 
i'm already an idiot , i just need a village 
what do you do with unruly shapes ? you put them in prism 
i accidentally hit my head on a window today ... it was paneful . 
apples new featured release the fappening . 
i used to be a tap dancer until i fell in the sink . 
redimi2 - bonita - video letra lyrics hola 
how did hellen keller burn her ear ? she answered the iron . 
watching babies first steps * turns to wife * has he been drinking ? 
what does an australian witch ride on ? a broomerang ! 
spelling errors in quotations make me sic . 
girl you're like a car accident , cause i just can't look away . 
dishes laundry vacuuming dusting me * things that won't get done today . 
how do hens encourage their football teams ? they egg them on ! 
what is rickon stark's favorite band ? one direction 
oh ... sorry ... did you mistake me for someone who cares ? 
biggest joke ever ? the u . n 
on this new j thing im really back and forth on it 
i'm hooked on abortion jokes , gladly , they'll never get old . 
beer nuts 1 : 50 deer nuts under a buck 
i adopt cats because i can't have any of my own . 
tifu by making an overused joke . reddit 
did you guys hear what happened to helen keller ? neither did she . 
i can't understand undertale . it doesn't make sans . 
what do you get when a basketball player gets a lung infection ? lebronchitis 
i just joined a tourettes club took 5 hours to get sworn in ... 
double limb transplants are so expensive they cost an arm and leg 
samuel l . jackson should make alarm clocks . 
i vote for less election coverage 
you'll never guess what my login name is . constipated . 
down a flight of stairs . that's how i roll . : 
what has four legs and an arm ? a happy pit bull . 
what was john lennons final hit ? the pavement 
dear coffee , i want you inside of me 
half life 3 will never come out lmfao got u 
inventing cotton candy what if insulation was delicious ? 
i had some north korean food yesterday ... the deleted was delicious ! 
why did the melon leave her boyfriend ? he said he can't elope . 
i said i had a near deaf experience 
what is a cheating wife's worst nightmare ? a husband in his hybrid 
how does a candu reactor work ? by believing in itself . 
what does a blind person read in church ? holy braille 
hear about the malaysia airlines pizza delivery order ? two large planes . 
you shouldn't say mean things about the illiterate you should write them 
what food is bad for epileptic people ? seizure salad 
what do whales do on dates ? netflix and krill 
i don't know what base that was , but thank you tsa . 
do you know what beats meat ? a hand . 
what do you call a potato corn crime fighting duo ? starchy and husk 
irritable bowel syndrome is genetic . it runs in your jeans . 
why did lot leave his wife ? she became salty . 
why are yogurt eaters sophisticated ? because they're well - cultured . 
soviet russia in soviet russia you no criticize government , government criticize you 
where does iron man live ? iron know . 
gas should cost gallon . since the price is irrational . 
what is justin timberlake's favourite ukrainian river ? the crimea river . 
how can we know atheism exists ? where's the evidence ? 
my wife said i'm just like pluto i have a very cold heart 
a new energy drink called f5 just came out , it's super refreshing ! 
i need to stop drinking so much milk . it's an udder disgrace . 
my jokes are like cancer only my dad gets it . 
i recently bought an alcoholic ginger beer he wasn't pleased 
what is a ninja's favorite beverage ? karatea from fargo ep . 2 
what is the worst way to spell mississippi ? correctly . 
what is the opposite of imagination ? i have no idea . 
why didn't hitler drive a stick shift ? because he hated stalin 
what's hillary clinton's favorite work of art ? pneumonia lisa 
you wanna know what's lame ? disabled people . 
why are gas giants always so happy ? because they're all jovial . 
a werewolf : a very astute wolf 
i wonder if bruce wayne ever wears a batman t - shirt . 
what's brownish and runs on oil ? jesus in a hurry . 
why are mosquitos religious ? they prey on you ! 
what do you call a baker with red hair ? a ginger bread man 
best line a wing girl can give : ranch or blue cheese ? 
chuck norris uses pens on scantron sheets . 
what animal never forgets national tragedies ? the nine - elephant 
having trouble finding paper towels . i need a bounty hunter . 
confucius say ... difference between camping and being homeless is intent . 
what did the surfer say to david carradine ? hang tight 
what's wrinkly and hangs out your pants ? your mother . 
what do organic mathematicians throw into their fireplaces ? natural logs . 
why are astronomers so popular with the ladies ? chicks dig stars . 
i only speak spanish when bill collectors call 
how many pictures of the sky until we are satisfied as a people 
i totally baby - proofed my house , but one still got in . 
what's the hardest part of cooking vegetables ? the wheelchair 
what do biographers and serial killers have in common ? multiple life sentences . 
fun prank : tell an english major how " impactful " something is . 
my friend from prague is a writer . he likes to use spellczech . 
ordinarily people live and learn . you just live . 
how does jesus make coffee . hebrews 
just back from that seafood disco . pulled a mussel ! 
where can grammar nazis find asylum ? grammargentina 
" barista " is italian for ba in liberal arts . 
what was cambodia's biggest export in the 90s ? pol potting mix . 
forget about whether or not you have curves , real women have brains . 
labels account " 18 " tweets exclusively about voting buying cigarettes legally 
what happens in vegans stays in vegans , unless they eat fiber . 
what does donald trump use when he plays fps games ? wallhacks 
what if mike tyson could use the force ? he'd become a kith lord 
16 sodium atoms walked into a bar followed by batman 
who said the first million was the hardest ? was it hitler ? 
chuck norris once ate four 30lb bowling balls without chewing . 
they asked if i wear boxers or briefs ... . depends 
during activities i'm like batteries i'm never included 
which bees produce milk ? the boo - bees ! 
what's david cameron's favourite shakespeare play ? hamlet . 
best thread convo u came across let em rip guys an gals 
why don't nervous vegans visit germany ? they fear the wurst ! 
what does a jamaican liar sit on ? deceit . 
* corrects your grammar incorrectly , winks at your date * 
eating a box of thin mints doesn't make you thin . apparently . 
i have a good joke . say " knock knock . " 
follow your instincts , into the path of a moving train . 
where do shoes receive their military training ? boot camp 
the cast of 16 pregnant are the future cast of 32 grandparents 
for father's day my grandpa got a suv socks , underwear , and viagra 
what sound does a train make when it's eating ? chew chew 
you read this wrong 
what's the internal temperature of a taun - taun ? lukewarm 
how do you make endocrine ? endocrine is not a hormone . 
how are music and candy similar ? we throw away the rappers . 
i'd rather my kid bring home head lice than another goddamn fundraising form . 
i just realized there are more toes in the world than people 
what's the problem with north korea ? it has no seoul ! ! 
whatever happens tomorrow ... ... thanks obama . 
how do german women know when they're pregnant ? they're never late ... 
what brand of makeup does cap'n crunch wear c'er eal 
how did kim kardashian get her hands on liberace's bath robe ? grammysredcarpet 
what do fat people feel ? hunger mostly ... 
why did the minus sign run for office ? to make a difference . 
what do you call your friend thats a detective ? your sherlock homie 
people in sleeping bags are the soft tacos of the bear world . 
i just finished a 5 year relationship . luckily it wasn't mine . 
whats the most handiest tool ever ? a hand ! 
how do you piss off an emo ? give them a dull razor . 
the bermuda triangle a . k . a ... . clinton's inbox 
what do nihilist's believe in ... 
math never tried to solve any of my problems . 
my idea of responsibility is plugging my phone in at mid - day 
why did the dj get fired as a waiter ? because he'd drop everything 
donald trump ... ill see myself out 
a sober irishman ... . 
why did the dog scratch itself against the tree ? ruff bark 
how did the hacker kill himself ? overddos . 
who is a golfers favorite singer ? ... birdy : p 
i hear christian girls give really good moral . 
90 of the economy is just women giving each other useless gifts . 
ironically , the boogeyman was a terrible dancer . 
how did anybody express anger before the invention of the caps lock key ? 
name a country that doesn't have a letter " a " . jepen lol 
what does a ghost cow say ? * wave arms around * mooooooooooooooooooo 
what do you call a women who cant draw ? trace 
why couldn't arnold schwarzenegger run for president ? because he doesn't do cardio . 
what is a depressed person's favorite outdoor activity ? cryaking . i'm sorry . 
god making man in his image was the original selfie 
if winning was easy , losers would do it . 
ford fix or repair daily . 
a good friend doesn't just make you smile , they make you happy . 
i'm part indian my ancestors are from the slapahoe tribe . 
there was a murder at the mime convention everyone was left speechless 
what do call the president of russia with an upset stomach ? vladimir poopin 
two antennas got married the wedding wasn't great but the reception was amazing ! 
why doesn't ellen have a cooking segment ? she's always eating out 
knock , knock . get off my porch ! 
til chimneys can be used as conjunctions they may introduce a clause 
sleepy from being on your phone too much ? there's a nap for that 
what weapons did the romans use to fight the carthaginians as - salt rifles 
shortest one - liner ever dwarf shortage 
a low battery and full bladder is the new torture . 
everybody always asks my why i like chess so much ... yeah 
driving in london 
i got lost in a corn field . it was quite a maize . 
a vending machine fell on me today luckily it only had soft drinks 
everything electrical runs on smoke they don't work after you let the smoke out 
i'm not one of those moms who knows all her kids by name . 
steve buscemi makes me regret buying a high definition tv . 
did you hear about the buddhist viking ? he believed he'd be bjorn again 
i went to church today just to thank god i'm not miley cyrus . 
what's more useless than a condom at a feminist rally ? everyone there . 
imagine how frustrating it would be if tic - tacs were individually wrapped . 
what kind of shirts do philosophers wear soccer tees 
what kind of movies do scurvy circles enjoy ? rated movies . 
5 6 doctors agree ... russian roulette is completely safe ! 
ganondorf doesn't use reddit there are too many links 
i'd kill a man to have my pillow always cool on one side . 
chuck norris house trained his dog by 1 roundhouse kick to the face . 
what kind of doctors do elephants become ? pachydermatologists 
why are they called hemorrhoids ? because asteroids was already taken . 
what do you call an arab who has many cows ? milk sheikh 
today is world alzheimer's day ! just in case you forgot . 
lisa never talks about her younger brother , lava lampanelli . 
ok so we get a deaf cat hear me out . 
such a hipster ... they were into adele before she got big . 
how does brutus eat his salad ? with a knife and caesar dressing . 
hero's don't wear capes , they wear dog tags . 
where do nieces and nephews come from ? aunt holes 
does anyone have any good programming jokes ? 
what's the most popular white wine all lives matter 
tell me your jokes 
who do elephants get their christmas presents from ? elephanta claus ! 
what's the fat person's favourite football club ? kfc . 
what do libyan people put in their tv remotes ? tripoli batteries . 
god walks into a bar ... and no one could believe it 
your momma so dumb she drove around looking for the app store 
don't make ebola jokes some people just won't get it . 
i'm a firm believer in the separation of church and hate . 
escalators don't break down ... they just turn into stairs . 
i bought a metal detector . beach better have my money . 
hillary , why are your socks so saggy ? i'm not wearing socks 
i bought these pants 50 off . i guess they're shorts now . 
frieza may be cool ... but his brother is cooler ! 
nice perfume . must you marinate in it ? 
i like making babies ... unsuccessfully , of course . 
what 8 letter phrase means a healthy scratch ? tim tebow 
how do you stop a metal from rusting ? use some antioxidants 
whats the age of consent in thailand ? 50 
i think it's so brave that rosie o donnell is openly fat 
my favorite thing about babies is that none of them are mine . 
i'm worried about the calendar ... its days are numbered 
hilary clinton is elected president ... ftfy 
why did the coffee file a police report ? because it was mugged . 
menstruation is no laughing matter menstration is no launghing matter . period . 
a dolphin kisses me at sea world me : so like what are we 
if pobelter played tibia ... ... his char would be called probolter . 
what do you call 3 irish tree surgeons ? tree fellas 
do pigs like backgammon ? no they prefer their backs scratched . 
companies should make camouflage condoms ... so they never see you comin 
how do rain drops marry ? - they coalesce 
what is chewbaccas favorite celebrity ? wookie goldberg 
original what's a priest's favorite cheese ? swiss . it's holey . 
what's the funniest fish in the world ? piranhahahahaha don't lynch me 
inspired by baby jesus , i'm hoping to get nailed this weekend . 
what kind of bird flies around bays ? bagles 
there's no police in canda ... if your car is faster than a moose 
life is so much funnier when you have a dirty mind 
roses are dead , violets are dead i am a bad gardener 
q : what holds the moon up ? a : moonbeams . 
how can you make money fast ? glue it to the floor . 
wait , there's nothing in this air and space museum ! 
9 . you can fit 9 cats inside an acoustic guitar . 
scientists have found out ... after they were shown the exit . 
what does a vampire with a weight problem drink ? blood light 
interview " what's your greatest weakness ? " superman : seriously ? 
what do you call a nun in a wheelchair ... virgin mobile 
girl : do you have protection ? me : um like a sword ? 
who's your friend ? 
money is a good servant ... ... but a bad master . 
what is stronger than ronda rousey ? her anti - depressants . 
what's the squeakiest ride at the fair ? the haunted mouse 
* shots fired in the club over the last slice of pizza * 
really funny joke what's charlie sheens middle name ? washingma charlie washingma sheen 
" hey , where's that book ? ! " dewey decibel system 
a lot of people think boogers are funny but they're snot . 
two artists had an art contest ... it ended in a draw 
what is bear grylls favorite snack brand ? nature's valley 
did you hear about freud's party last night ? id was wild ! 
what do your call a fish who starts a drug empire ? a scarfish 
are there any medium rappers ? they're always big or lil 
how do doctors treat mesothelioma ? asbestos they can . 
where does the red teletubby come from ? poland 
whatever doesn't kill you tried to kill you ! 
i got my mind on my monkey and my monkey on my back . 
a sort algorithm walks into a bar he orders anything 
why does gigahertz ? because megabytez . 
wanna hear my joke about the beach ? i'm shore you'll like it 
i was out shopping today guess who asked about you ? ! nobody . 
sign in restaurant window : " eat now - pay waiter . " 
* covers himself in nutella to hide his body heat from the predator * 
christians call it the rapture . chuck norris calls it cleaning his house . 
selling chewing gum . mint condition . 
a guy forgot to pay his exorcist ... he got repossessed . 
the chemistry between me and any kind of food is just whoa 
do you know what's funnier than 24 ? * 25 * 
why did the clock get banned from the library ? it tocked too much 
" i'm not that kind of girl . " that kind of girl 
who called it scientology and not cruise control ? 
what ethnic group do cannibals eat on thanksgiving ? turkish 
which kind of shark is also the saddest dog ? the porbeagle . _ 
calm down , white people expertly wielding chopsticks to eat pad thai . 
spongebob will get his license before taylor swift finds love . 
my paper rips a lot it's tearrible paper . 
mummies are basically just zombie burritos . 
where do one - legged people go to eat ? ihop . 
what aftershave does james bond uses after retirement ? old spyce . 
nice try , pg - 13 comedies . 
where do crows go to buy groceries ? kroger 
just finished charging my iphone . lets see how long the battery la 
why couldn't the pregnant horse sing ? because she was getting a little hoarse 
al gore should start a band and call it algoreithms . 
who uses a rubik's fleshlight ? incubators . 
how does french cheese expire ? from age 
i can't wait til there's a chalk outline filter 
a dyslexic woman walks into a bar and puts it on 
what did the flac say ? i'm an audiophile 
whoever thinks money doesn't bring happiness , transfer it to my account . 
sorry i dropped your baby and tried to catch it with my foot . 
you remind me of someone i'd never like to meet . 
sits family down at dinner table i've decided we're going to start watching anime 
waiter , there's an i in my team 
offensive joke orlando the only straight thing in orlando are the bullets 
mustaches : they're growing on you . 
what do you call a serial killer that plays bingo ? jeffery dauber . 
shoepidity ... wearing ridiculously uncomfortable shoes just because they look good . 
what is a java programmers favorite bird ? a bluej 
i love drinking wine . it's my riesling for being . 
i'm all about fitness fit'ne ss whole burger into my mouth 
why 21 didn't invite his brother for dinner ? 28 
a mathematician was out with his friends . 
did you hear about the 3 car pileup in tijuana ? 28 people died 
why procrastinate today when you can procrastinate tomorrow ? 
why do jihadists drink instant coffee ? because they hate the french press ... 
my joke will make you absolute value of zero lol 
lif's too short 
professional liars haven't done an honest days work in their life 
i had a short prison sentence . that was it . 
what di you call a snowman in may ? a puddle ! 
what kind of laptop calls you a thousand times ? a dell 
today , i'm going to give it my some . 
i'm intelligent but not " make good life choices " intelligent . 
what's the convention for big - breasted female clowns ? silly - con 
i saw a woman with no arms today ... ... she was statuesque . 
what's hit more balls than david beckham's right foot ? elton john's chin . 
i'll have a venti vodka please . 
that i like being lazy more ... 
what's the opposite of marshmellow ? well , i guess it would be marshmadness 
i'm giving up eating food off the floor for lent 
scroll no further , as it only get worse from here ... 
how did jesus stay in shape ? crossfit 
i almost hit a bunny but then i missed it by a hare . 
domestic violence 1 10 10 10 with ray rice 
what is the best way to hunt bear ? with your clothes off 
how is prison like quidditch ? the game ends when they catch the snitch 
why shouldn't you shower with a pokemon ? it might pikachu . 
the dogs bark but the caravan moves on . 
what is an engineer's favorite halloween candy ? dork chocolate 
why do cannibals make suitcases out of people's heads ? because they're headcases . 
where does a dog go to buy shoes ? reebark 
what if reddit had a currency ? would they be called creddits ? 
just got back from seeing a chiropractor that guy cracks me up 
i've never hated a neighbour enough to get wind chimes . 
what do couch potatoes evolve into ? computer chips . 
if mr . bean lost one of his legs he'd be cannellini ! 
yo mama mouth so big she speaks in surround sound . 
i created a new word today . plagiarism . 
what's a dog's favorite mode of transportation ? a waggin 
what does ronald reagan have that jimmy carter doesn't ? a widow . 
how do you best serve burned food ? coal'd . 
why do people prefer shooting stars to vegetables ? because they're meteor 
what is superman's favorite thing to eat for breakfast ? a bag - el 
why are parents boring ? because they're groan - ups . 
there's no mirrors in this self checkout ? ! ? 
why do men prefer blondes ? men always like intellectual company 
what's red and crawls up your leg ? a homesick abortion . 
* holds seashell to ear * new shell who dis 
this 5p bag tax is great i can get a 10bag for 50p 
helen hunt but only when helen hungry . 
what sea said to the beach ... nothing it only wave 
knowing its international women's day is the only thing i know about women . 
you've just got to see the fan exhibition it blew me away 
what will a monster eat in a restaurant ? the waiter . 
why are there 5 syllables in the word " monosyllabic " ? 
why can't pirates finish the alphabet ? because they get lost at c ! 
so what goes around comes around eh ? try saying that to my belt 
when 2016 has to kill one more thing mariah carey's career 
what did the pirate get on his report card ? seven c's 
fun prank : a chameleon exhibit with no chameleon . 
whats an english man favourite breakfast cereal cherry oh's 
there's a easter parade in my pants ... wanna go ? 
my friend drove into a tree earlier ... i wonder if he's oaky 
coldplay have been arrested . they played " clocks " . 
my thigh gap is just a painted tunnel by wile e . coyote 
if it's a boy , i'm naming him after my father , anonymous . 
my dad went to jail this morning ... because he's the jail doctor . 
what is heavy forward but not backward ? * * ton * * 
why wasn't the cat moving ? it was on paws 
what's the biggest sign she's just not into you ? a restraining order . 
what's do call a masrbating cow ? beef stroganoff ... 
posing for mugshot " now turn forward " flash lemme see 
encyclopedias are just ghetto google . 
how does a trumpie become a smooth talker ? takes a laxative . 
how do we fix boxing ? we can't . it's already fixed . 
injured myself dancing last night but fortunately i'm eligible for twerkman's comp . 
chuck norris doesn't have hairy balls because hair does not grow on steel . 
did you guys hear about the dry erase board it's remarkable 
putting my grades up for adoption ... because i can't raise them . 
websites that are similar to reddit . 
there are two types of people in the world : those who need closure 
what does an egg say when it's drunk ? omelette 
the gop should be like a good hand in bridge no trump 
hedgehogs ... why can't they just share the damn hedge ? ! 
how does a lawyer name their kids ? bill and sue 
it's like squirrels don't even know how good they'd be at parkour . 
the weather data was unclear . 
what's a saudis favourite drink ? milk sheikh 
i am a master of tearable puns but only on paper 
what do lumber jacks do in china ? chop sticks ! 
the wikipedia entry for toe injury is a stub . 
with christmas just around the corner , what's your favourite christmas themed joke ? 
why doesn't saran wrap have any friends ? because it sticks to itself . 
why are fish always on drugs ? they just keep getting hooked . 
your mom is like planet 9 ... very distant from the sun 
was watching family feud , i don't think the announcer was n'sy nc 
" hey , what time is it ? " 9 : 11 
maybe snakes are always angry cause they don't have arms to hug with : 
i've satisfied every waitress i've met ... with just the tip 
i'm in one of those moods that only a virgin sacrifice will appease . 
say what you want about donald trump ... ... while you still can ... 
the easiest way to create a feeling a suspense . ... 
i wish i hadn't bought so much encyclopedia britannica stock in 1999 . 
r . i . p . prince we have truly lost a symbol . 
it's not manslaughter if they chew with their mouth open . 
nobody wants to see your ice bucket challenge video . good talk . 
sisters take a selfie crank http : grabfile . co 189159 
who makes the best astronauts ? team rocket since they're always blasting off . 
where did czechslovakia split up ? at the czech - out line . 
its a wonder how stadiums get so hot when they're filled with fans ! 
what's considered an homemade gift in china ? an iphone . 
what is the preferred drink for people in st . cloud ? mini soda 
never hit a man while he's down ... kick him , it's easier . 
what do you call a jamaican redditor ? le mon 
i miss you like an idiot misses the point . 
rip to the italian chef , it's nice to gnocchi pasta pizzafully . 
what does a pirate take for his allergies ? aye - drops 
what's a philosopher's favorite toy ? play - doh . 
i'm sure some of you have already heard this one ... . . 4217 
do you think the husband of the gps lady listens to her directions ? 
i'm getting pretty hungry . i haven't eaten all year ! 
what idiot called it a moon enthusiast and not a lunatic 
what's short , but sometimes funny ? a short joke . 
my boss called in sick of me 
what do you call a chicken going to the moon ? apollo 11 
can i get a football meatlong ? with please , cheese . 
what did the dad buffalo say when his offspring left for college ? bison 
the secret of getting ahead is ... not having a rib . 
hashtag . a game you play in the quad of any state college ... 
what is a dog's favorite thing about living in a house ? roofs . 
russian roulette 5 6 doctors say that its safe to play . 
best actor of all time in human history . also starring 
sometimes sorry seems to be the hardest word , but usually it's antidisestablishmentarianism . 
what did amelia earhart learn ? triplane fuel can't melt sea beams . 
alligators can grow up to 8 feet ! though most only have 4 
my grandma has dementia the saddest part is watching her slowly forget about dre 
what happens when devil worshipers do the rain dance ? precipisatan 
twitter : where if the chemistry's good , the geography won't be . . 
* spin kicks cigarette out of your mouth * nothing is cooler than health 
ugh , i can't believe our coexist bumper stickers aren't working . 
watched golf for two hours before realizing that the tv was off . 
why are relationships complex ? because you're real , but your girlfriend is imaginary 
animals are better than people because they can't talk 
mystery in an ironic twist , oscar pistorious has investigators stumped . 
is fashion all about clothes ? apparelently . 
missing condoms 
anyone know a minecraft interpreter ? i don't understand my son's christmas list . 
chuck norris can win a game of connect four in only three moves . 
i walked into a bar the other day ... ... ouch 
why is tylenol white ? because it works 
why can't stevie wonder see his friends ? because he's married 
i'll see your fun outdoor activity and raise you a nap . 
remember , there can be only one interesting person per relationship . 
how do you combat espionage ? umbreonage 
i like my girls like my whiskey aged 18 years and single 
she was wetter than a down syndromes chin . 
just saw a bumper sticker that completely changed my belief systems . 
wanna measure the coefficient of static friction between us ? 
it's never your successful friends posting inspirational quotes on facebook . 
a 9gag member posted original content 
actions speak louder than birds except for parrots 
at first i wasn't sure about my beard but it's growing on me 
don't worry about what people think . they don't do it that often . 
why didn't the scarecrow want dessert ? because he was stuffed ! 
where was the declaration of independence signed ? at the bottom of the page 
i just drunk 37 monster energys and now i can smell abstract legislative euphemisms 
i think i have a sleeping disorder . it's called children 
refusing to go to the gym counts as resistance training , right ? 
i consider you a female sheep gotta say it aloud . * ewe 
why do women have legs ? so they don't leave a snail trail 
what did the duck say to the bartender put it on my bill 
only 90s kids will get this deez nuts 
there was once a magical tractor ... it turned in to a field 
what does a laser in a church sound like ? pew pew pew ! 
ruin a date in 5 words ... does this smell like chloroform ? 
opening a christian gym called jehovah's fitness 
i learn something new every day that i didn't want to know . 
vitamin c is spanish for vitamin yes 
keep calm and pretend today isn't monday . 
what is the poor part of italy called ? the spaghetto 
i'm not addicted to cocain i just love how it smells 
why did the geologist get divorced ? he took his wife for granite . 
why did russia execute its jeopardy winner ? he knew too much 
it's not a walk of shame if you leave on a pogo stick . 
i figured out why the plane crashed ! there were skeletons driving it ! 
i saw two really fat people today talking ... looked like a heavy discussion 
why didn't the romans find algebra very challenging ? because x was always 10 
what would you call an indian dating site ? connect the dots 
i've got a 3d printer but it only prints pieces of paper . 
why shouldn't you hang out with zombies ? they make rotten friends 
lindt chocolate ... ... . . is to die for . 
i have three kids , one of each . 
dad jokes who can make a good dad joke ? 
are you a moment of inertia ? because you're mr squared 
i don't like my hands i always keep them at arm's length 
i hate pitchers ... they always throw games 
cats love it when you give them a mohawk 
breaking news : miami heat joins lebron james . 
hey dudes with super big muscles , that's not necessary . 
is it just me , or does hamstring sound delicious ? 
china's economy is doing perfectly fine . i hear it's booming . 
how do you milk sheeps ? with apple accessories . 
in soviet russia ... you are in charge of charles . h t wife 
hillary clinton is like an art history major , old and useless . 
if you don't care where you are , then you ain't lost . 
dark humor what are your favorite dark humor jokes 
eric garner tried stand up comedy ... but he choked on stage . 
mispronouncing words is kind of my forty 
i'm addicted to glue you just get attached to it 
a doorbell that whispers " hide . " 
i loathe earlier versions of myself as though they were separate people . 
that awkward moment when you find something hilarious , but nobody else does . 
chain link fence gates will have their revenge on speeding 80s getaway cars . 
what us city has the dirtiest frozen waffles ? san diego 
there was a party in my pants and only one guy came ... 
change is inevitable ... except from vending machines 
apple pie isn't american unless you eat the whole thing in one sitting . 
i still have a lot of teen angst you wouldn't understand 
why are frogs always so happy ? because they eat whatever bugs them . 
i've lost so many friends to babies . 
sorry for my poor volume control regulation but this is a good cuddle 
what was pablo escobar's favourite pool party game ? narco polo . 
what's a golfer's favourite games console ? a ps four ! 
how does google celebrate its birthday ? with a search party . 
what is the rain's favorite medieval reenactment ? storming a castle . 
guys joking about chemical weapons isn't funny . syriasly . 
everybody was feng shui fighting , those cats improved my ambient lighting . 
diarrhea is too hard to spell so i call it crapplesauce 
what is harry potters abortion spell ? fetus - deletus 
what are the hottest days during summer ? sun - days 
if we are what we eat ... ... children in africa don't exist . 
* chases cat around the house with a lint roller 
my mom likes to get to the airport three days before her flight . 
found some chips in the bag of air i just bought . 
you better hope you marry rich . 
you know what grinds my gears ? when i'm low on transmission fluid . 
i always hold my girlfriends hands because if i let go she shops ! 
i have proof that the fbi has no sense of humor redacted 
why is a uti such a bad thing ? because it means urine trouble 
afghanistan is just a regular ghanistan that's ghanistan af . 
people are like traffic lights you have to judge them by colour 
make sure your worst enemy is not living between your own two ears . 
what's the hardest part about winning crossfit ? being 5 foot 6 
i would like to order a sandwich . . oh wait . wrong sub 
what can santa give away and still keep ? a cold . 
what computer monitor sings the best ? a dell . 
how do you handle a redheads anger ? gingerly . 
taco emergency ? call 9 jaun jaun 
in extremely rare cases women have been known to sleep with me . 
how long does it take to drive across france ? 3 days by panzer 
if i was a cannibal i'd only eat women . because they're seedless . 
just ordered wonton soup hope my apartment can hold the weight 
why did the french milkman have to hurry ? he was running lait 
phantom cellphone vibrations are your dead ancestors calling you . 
they said i should follow my dreams so i went back to sleep . 
general lee didn't have kids ? a parent lee not . 
why can't spongebob make the honor roll ? because he's a c sponge ! 
whats the difference between reddit and hell ? hell * fires * bad people 
what is a 72 ? a 69 with 3 people watching . 
what's the diffrence between math and emos ? math problems actually exist 
wtf is a palindrome ? no it isn't . 
how do you annoy a worldnews redditor ? comment after reading the article . 
today my friend got a new downstairs neighbor . herpes 
time flies like the wind . fruit flies like ... bananas ! 
victims of successfull murder attempts : whats your story ? serious replies only . 
discipline in the home by wilma child - begood 
what kind of genie only grants wishes to men ? a misogenie . 
jeremy clarkson is like marmite disgusting 
why were kay's pets scared of kay ? because ... k8 k9 
do nomads ever get angry ? 
yo mama so fat people jog around her for exercise 
what's the difference between oooo and aaaa ? about 3 inches 
technically , a bus driver is anyone who drives a bus , officer . 
how do you confuse a straight person ? tell them they're straight . 
two rules for success 1 . never reveal everything you know 
what do you call someone that lives next a horse ? their neighbor 
would a transformer buy life insurance or car insurance ? 
all of jesus disciples were big and muscular because jesus was their whey 
two do list : - do - do 
why did hitler quit drinking ? it made him angry . 
ellen pao's credibility after victoriagate oh wait , she never had any . 
stop hammertime 
what's supposed to be funny , but let's you down ? this joke ... 
whats the opposite of nickle back ? bill front money jokes i got em 
gross fact : taco bell burritos contain less than 10 real bell 
the worlds best ninjas comes from iceland anyone actually seen an icelandic ninja ? 
when you're trying to kill a clown ... go for the jugular . 
i dropped two bucks yesterday ... third one got away . 
a useful hat is also a handicap 
anti - joke knock knock who's there ? no 
at t always treats me like i have no shirt and no shoes . 
numbers don't lie but they don't tell the truth either . they're numbers . 
don't judge me . judge judy . 
trump doesn't like pence because he loves walls . 
what has two legs but can't walk ? a dead duck . 
don't join dangerous cults practice safe sects 
donald " pharmabro " trump : he wwebsite as on the internet ! 
i knew that psychic wasn't legit when she let me write a check . 
why are goldfish crackers always smiling ? because they're baked . . 
if pronouncing my b's as v's makes me sound russian , then soviet . 
chuck norris pulse is measured on the richter scale . 
comcast's customer service ba dum tsss 
how chi was the olympics ? so chi 
what's grandma's favorite seasoning ? old bae 
you are proof that evolution can go in reverse . 
religion because thinking for yourself is hard . 
how does lady gaga like her meat ? raw raw rawhahaha ... 
god must have really liked saturn 
what dog is always tired in london ? an english sleep dog . 
i held a solipsist party at my house yesterday everyone was there . 
corny deadpool joke wolverine has directv . deadpool has cable . 
why didnt the shrimp let anyone else eat ? he was being shellfish 
racist marathoners only run 3ks . 
what do you call a serbian who won't clean his room ? novak . 
reddit is really a green community consisting all the recycled content on here . 
what do disgusting people eat ? groceries . 
never marry a drummer ... they beat things for a living . 
what's the art of having multiple personalities ? acting 
why are the silent majority actually hillary supporters ? because they're dead . 
what do you call abby who lives in the city ? downtown abby 
" check engine " yep , it's still there . 
why does gru speak with an accent ? because he's arminion . 
i see you've chosen to express your midlife crisis with cologne . 
why does dmx hate sweatshirts ? he dunno where the hood at 
every morning is the dawn of a new error . 
my friend h has some good jokes but hes almost always silent . 
the real reason op never delivers . . 
if the conversation gets too serious take your pants off . 
what do you call a boxer with an upset stomach ? gaseous clay 
did you hear the popular pickle ? he's kind of a big dill . 
whoever decided on the color white for underpants was an idiot . 
she said no ! * sobs tears of joy * - me after proposing 
if all of ireland sank , what part of it wouldn't ? county cork 
what is stewie griffin's least favorite fallout weapon ? the fat man . 
which dog looks like a cat ? a police dog in disguise . 
personally i feel romeo and juliet could have handled the situation better . 
a man with authority walks into a bar ... orders everyone a round 
i don't like lollipop ladies ... they make me cross . 
who holds up stagecoaches and steals laptop computers ? click turpin 
where did stephen hawking find his wife the vegetable isle 
tifu i'm like a 4 10 and she was a total 9 . 
it is not ok to joke about menstruation . period . 
punchline ... joke ... 
my gf was a virgin until recently too bad i still am . 
what goes " clip " ? a one legged horse ! 
what would you call hitler if he had a child ? a dilf 
math problem that didn't stump the internet 2 girls 1 cup 
why doesn't the mormon church have a tour de france team ? 
how do you turn on a female mathematician ? you euler up . 
people love making jokes about camouflage but i just don't see the humor . 
i wish shaq named his daughter shaqira . 
how do you kill a snail ? with an as - salt rifle ! 
why couldn't the chord get into the bar ? she was a minor . 
what does popcorn and kfc have in common ? greasy , old kernals 
the 1920 red sox were completely ruthless ... 
why cant you trust stairs ? they are always up to something ... 
" describe 2016 in 4 words " " that's a tomorrow problem " 
what happens when a pokemon goes through puberty ? it's bells sprout . 
don't feel sad , don't feel blue , frankenstein was ugly too . 
hair so long she accidentally flushed herself down the toilet 
ever since jim got cancer , he's been feeling really crabby 
don't put words in my mouth ... my foot is already in there . 
many people think the romans invented vaseline that was ancient grease 
why are the landmarks in paris quarantined ? because they are parasites 
makeafilmuncomfortable four wedgies and a funeral 
i like to abbrev . 
what does a forward thinking person say ? wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww 
fidel castro was alive ? 
what's gollum's favourite food ? scallops , scallops ! 
abstinence - only education ... was the first time i got screwed . 
inventor of the piano tables aren't noisy enough . 
error 609 : when your kid sleeps in between . 
annoyed burglar waking me you still have a vcr ? 
who are the shortest people in the bible ? the shuhites 
your mama's so fat we are all genuinely concerned about her health . 
what is the theme song for the kkk ? we gon be all white 
i've developed a fear of imitation ale , it's a faux beer . 
laugh at your problems , everybody else does . 
wanted to buy a 17th century european castle but i'm baroque . 
this joke didn't just happen by chance it was punintentional 
i saw stevie wonder in concert the other night he didn't see me though 
what is the punishment for bigamy ? two wives . 
memes this is my first post , make it good . i want memes 
404 jokes ... i just can't find the humor in them . 
baaaaaaaaaaaa ! sowenyaaaaaa ! mamabeatsebabah . 
i wish i were as attractive to women as i am to mosquitoes . 
what type of condoms does ronald mcdonald use ? mcribbed 
no officer , you re going the wrong way . 
life is scary at least the salary is funny . 
what a common problem with r jokes and fedex ? delivery 
what do the globetrotters do when they're finished urinating ? the harlem shake 
lipstick why is it called lipstick if you can still move your lips ? 
why can't you have a party on the moon ? there's just no atmosphere 
what do you call a grenade thrown into a french kitchen ? linoleum blownapart 
how did the electron board the train ? it lepton 
why was the pigeon theater troupe arrested ? they were staging a coo . 
let's hope god grades on a curve or i'm so screwed . 
where do comedian eskimos live ? a giggloo . 
are you alone ? because you're showing high interest . 
what do you call aaron rodgers generous daughter ? sharon rodgers 
what happened to the guy who ingested helium ? he became enlightened . 
i watch aladdin and root for jafar . 
you can't even ? that's odd . 
diet plan : make friends fatter 
what ever happened to windows 9 ? windows 7 8 9 . 
true irony ay im rony ! 
who burped at the big bad wolf ? little rude riding hood ! 
im just an average guy with 2 . 4 kids . 
why did the negative number look so surprised ? he was nonplussed . 
how do stoners travel ? on the canna - bus . 
here's a joke from hilary clintons emails ... deleted 
what is a statistician's preferred method of killing people ? poisson distribution 
the problem with trouble shooting is that trouble shoots back . 
what does an lgbt orthodontist make most of his money off of ? bruces 
how do you increase a pirates morale ? mor ale 
what is a caterpillar's biggest fear ? a dogerpillar . 
i brush my teeth a lot longer when i'm around another person . 
clickbait got you . 
couches pull out ... i don't 
what does rihanna think of chris brown ? beats me 
i don't drink for religious reasons . i drink for other reasons . 
for sale : thick layer of dust as seen on tv . 
what do they call the lottery in africa ? celebrity adoption . 
what is smaller than an ant's dinner ? an ant's mouth ! 
joke look into the mirror 
siri : retweet me . 
my safe word is " i want your babies " 
there once a website called toogle now it is google 
i've been really impressed by igloos . they're all white houses . 
my room internet connection music food homework perfect day . 
yo mama so fat ... her carbon footprint turned to diamond . 
in europe , her milkshake brings all the boys to the meter . 
comment on every picture of someone's dog , " what is this " 
what's kermit the frog's favorite song ? " whib it " by devo . 
i lost my nana today must have fallen out of my lunchbox 
the ultimate spoiler you all die in the end . 
what ward does sauron visit in the hospital ? icu 
* sings hakuna matata during your meltdown * 
really shouldn't if you're always putin things off , you'll end up russian . 
cannibals like to eat ... vegetables 
wanna race ? ok , i got white 
it's time to make like a baby ... and head out . * leaves 
what starts out happy but ends in tears ? marriage 
i love heavy metal . my favourite is lead . 
i'm just a girl standing here wishing i was as thin as my patience 
knock knock whos there " allah allah who ? allahwho akbar 
imagine us waiting for 2017 but out comes 2016s 
the mean apple store manager he's a real apphole . 
a new species of fish have evolved to have wrists they're called metacarpals . 
what is a double - blind study ? two orthopaedists reading an electrocardiogram . 
i went christmas shopping at best buy ... 
why won't cannibals eat frank sinatra ? because he's always coming back ! 
how did the pillsbury dough boy die ? a yeast infection 
why is reddit bad grammar ? because you can't read a dit . 
batman was arrested today in the vatican he was released on christian bale 
why was the solider nervous about being deployed ? he had arachnophobia . 
8 . 7328917415 the cube root of all evil . 
germany 7 - 1 brazil 
you know what i did before i married ? anything i wanted to . 
what docyou call it when a soviet dies comedy ? stand up commedy 
what's an ethiopians favourite song . its raining man . 
jesus crucifixion was a success ... they totally nailed it ! 
people say you can't live without love ... i think oxygen is more important 
why are fat people always possessed by the devil ? they never exorcise . 
why wasn't meek mills phone working ? because it wasn't " charged up " 
whoa whoa whoa ... i was stalking her first buddy ... 
how do you fix a jack o latern ? with a pumpkin patch ! 
why are there no apps for my pager ? 
jesus was obviously white . he even tastes like crackers ! 
why do marble statues look so mean ? they have hearts of stone . 
a football joke jose mourinho 
if i like ceilings ... does that make me a ceiling fan ? 
how do cows communicate ? moorse code . 
to avoid criticism , do nothing , say nothing , be nothing . 
what does an aardvark take for ant - digestion ? anta - seltzer ! 
why should you never trust soap ? it's an emulsive lyer . 
calm down ! i'm not officially late until i actually get there . 
you know what's nuts ? my balls ! 
a haunted house where they make you look at your checking account balance . 
your momma's so fat . when she was born , the universe expanded . 
i have abs ... ... ... . . olutely nothing 
what's the most overused punchline on reddit ? removed 
what is donald trump's favorite flavor of ice cream ? definitely not chocolate 
what did the disappointed smoker get for christmas ? clothes but no cigar ... 
i find hanging around in coffee shops a great way to espresso yourself 
my homie only lets dudes use his lawnmower . no hoe mow . 
what do you call a shoe with no laces shoe ha ! 
a pencil sketch artists greatest dilemma ... . . 2b or not 2b ? 
two vietnamese people got married it was a nguyen nguyen 
the face you make when a stranger's dog starts sniffing your crotch 
working with horses is hard but it's stable work . 
whenever i find the key to success , someone changes the lock . 
what is the best way to get over a guy girl ? truck . 
what does santa claus call his more thuggish elves ? gangsta wrappers ! 
! false it's funny because it's true 
just wrote a book on reverse psychology ... don't read it ! 
where are average people made ? the satisfactory 
how to get on the front page not like this . 
do not fap on a plane . . unless you enjoy hijacking 
marriage is a three ring circus : - engagement ring wedding ring suffering . 
what has 5 fingers but isn't your hand ? my hand . 
if i had a crystal ball , i'd probably walk differently . 
what has two arms and 14 legs ? guy who collects legs . 
mommy told me i should make some friends so i became a necromancer 
there's four things i'm no good with : faces , names and numbers . 
yes it is is time travel possible ? 
note : september 2 , 2010 will be 90210 . plan jokes accordingly . 
if facebook was school i swear we would all have perfect attendance . 
i'm writing a book on overcoming foot pain it's called the agony of defeat 
if my calculations are correct , slinky escalator everlasting fun . 
my girlfriend and i are both feminists but i'm better since i'm a guy 
as a person with alzheimers , all my punchlines are ... 
who is james bond's favorite bartender ? michael j fox 
i stopped doing topical humor people were getting tired of jokes about ointment . 
dictators dress to oppress . 
starting salary 
standing up quickly is my six flags . 
what does geronimo say when he jumps out of planes ? meeeeeeeeeeeeeee ! 
how much wood would a wood chuck if bruce willis is the ghost 
i hate it when all of north america tells me i exaggerate 
how do pirates sing the abc's ? abcdefghijklmnopq aaaaarrrrrr stuvwxy and z 
what do mathematicians call retirement ? aftermath 
just because you have one doesn't mean you have to act like one . 
what do you call a thick wire made of phone batteries ? likable 
i'm converting to islam for my haram bae 
oh i'm sorry , i forgot i only exist when you need something ! 
i wonder if deaf schizophrenic people hear voices ... i never asked them 
when god made me he was just showing of 
1st day in heaven angel : stop asking everybody what they died of 
like if you remember having to rewind a video before you returned it . 
i wrote a book about my car it was an auto - biography 
peeing is foursquare for dogs . 
there's one good thing about suffering from insomnia 3 more sleeps til christmas ! 
there are two things i hate a lot 1 . lists 2 . irony 
so i got rid of my gym membership ... just didn't work out 
hi reddit okay bye reddit 
not a joke . i just wish more jokes were shorter . 
maybe if i took my problems to the gym they'd work themselves out . 
take time to relax especially when you don't have time for it . 
why can't albert einstein drive ? because he never learned . 
my stoner neighbors got divorced but it's okay because they got joint custody 
laziness is a dish best served delivered . 
what's the definition of " trust " ? two cannibals doing 69 . 
if you're starved for time , eat a watch . 
gyms are full of people that haven't found the right couch . 
what goes up and down but does not move ? stairs 
i use to bleach my bangs so i know about regret . 
i saw a dog taking a dump and i totally thought of you . 
what do mice do when they're at home ? mousework ! 
what is a blind persons favourite song ? hello darkness my old friend 
my grandfather was so racist he had a white white television set . 
what does trump call his immigration plan ? order 66 . 
melancholy is my favorite feeling that also sounds like a delicious dog 
i've decided to avoid turkey this thanksgiving ... way too close to syria . 
what do you call a 20th century grammar nazi ? alt - write 
why did the french chef commit suicide ? he lost the huile d'ol ive 
dark jokes aren't everyone's cup of liquefied babies 
you want the good dorne plotline ... ... but you get da bad pussay 
i didn't know that numbers were irish until i started telling time . 
so i hear they're building a new cloud city ... in orlando florida . 
nobody discretely coughs blood into a handkerchief while wearing a top hat anymore . 
donald trump truly made history ... winning an argument against a woman . 
my rare penny collection isn't very wise ... it completely lacks common cents . 
my jokes are pretty deep cos they are mine 
what is pi squared ? pop - tart . 
i had some stir - fry delivered . i don't really like liver . 
no one is listening until you make a mistake . 
the second world war should have been called world war returns 
what kind of guns do bees use ? beebee guns 
why are most cemeteries fenced in ? because everyone is dying to get in 
who are the most intelligent monsters ? zombies because , braiiiiiiins ! ! ! 
where do bacteria go when they die ? st . petri dish . 
why can't bane play baseball ? he always breaks the bat . 
question : in china ... ... is everything " made in china " ? 
hello 911 ? this monkey isnt yelling parkour whilst hes swinging through trees 
i know i'm more literater than you because of my fancificacious vocabularianistic wordicisms . 
i'm not good - looking enough to be this stupid . 
what type of energy supplement do terrorist take ? c4 
does this typewriter come w emojis 
how does tom brady like his soda ? flat . 
what do polar bears eat for lunch ? ice bergers . 
this mothers day send the gift of microsoft office word to your mother 
i love isis she's my favourite pharaoh . 
sorry i picked up your pug and ran him in for a touchdown . 
what's brown and goes through walls ? a poopy spooky 
your cough turns me on " that's sick . " 
do headphones just tie themselves in knots while we're not looking ? 
a wise old man once told me ... ... to bend over . 
volunteer shark bait is a much more inspiring name for surfers 
what city loves to eat sandwiches ? koldcutta 
if you don't believe in evolution , how do you explain corn dogs . 
what do you say to a one legged hitchhiker ? hop in . 
psychiatrist cannibal by day , pop star singing sensation by night hannibal montanibal 
i like my women like hillary nasty and exposed ! 
every cab is the cash cab if you've got a gun . 
what do you call a pregnant air hostess pilot error 
i'm saving myself for a girl without pepper spray . 
no soap . radio ! ! ! 
when is independence day 2 coming out ? 9 11 
why was the trebuchet so rude ? it was an offensive siege weapon ! 
intelligence is the new cleavage 
i miss you ... then i eat something and it goes away ... 
be the change you want to find in your couch . 
what's a dentists favorite time ? tooth hurty 
if only darwinian theory worked on request . 
what's red and goes up and down ? a tomato in an elevator . 
it gets cold in alaska during the winter . juneau what i mean ? 
i just finished doing 100 push - ups over a period of 8 years 
what's the latest big thing to sweep across japan ? the ocean . 
" i would like to propose a toast " - slice of bread 
there is a new breakfast cereal for impotent men nuttin raisin honey 
tonight i made some synonym rolls just like grammar used to make 
how did jack get rich ? his bean - stock went up . 
what breed of dog loves to take a bath ? a shampoodle 
obviously chocolate was created for women it's called hershey , not hisshey 
my pet rock likes to dent people's heads . i don't blame him 
what's the most dishonest creature in the sea ? the lionfish . 
what is the funniest two legged lizard ? the stand - up chameleon . 
answering machine " hi mom , leave a message " 
why do ghosts say booooooo ? because they are disappointed in you ... 
what gets wet when it dries ? ? a towel 
an island for people who tell other people to smile 
according to this box of spaghetti i am an italian family of 8 
how to make friends with girls ... ask them to be your girlfriend . 
nice try , cheese graters , cheese is already great . 
lets play railroad i'll be the train and ur the tunnel 
which band does feminists hate the most ? cis - tem of a down 
what vehicle do bicycle riders take to the hospital ? an ambulance armstrong 
what did the germans name the israeli submarine ? das jude 
what's a panda's favorite kitchen dish ? a pan ... . duh 
sometimes words just aren't enough . and that's why we have middle fingers . 
i hanged myself for being fat the rope broke 
how do ghosts lay foundations ? with a spirit level ! 
just finished the 5th book ... in the learning to count trilogy 
where in the world is comic sans , diego ? 
why are suicide bombers always angry ? because of their short fuses . 
help me practice my knife throwing skills . you catch . 
why is bieber never late ? because he's always justin time 
oc how does haskell like his food ? curried . 
ok , i'm finally off dairy . next is sugar , then heroin . 
before google , there was memory . 
how does santa claus take pictures ? with his north pole - aroid . 
whoever said white people can't jump ... clearly hasn't seen footage from 9 11 
downhill is probably the only way i can honestly say i've rolled . 
who succeeded the first president of the usa ? the second one ! 
what does donald have up his sleeve ? a trump card . 
why are clouds like jockeys ? because they hold the reins ! 
jesus came to me the other night please let me out . 
i'm thrilled that you found jesus . where was he hiding ? 
remember when people would choke on cinnamon to entertain the internet 
bill cosby is like santa claus he comes while you're asleep . 
what do you call an elf who lost all his toys ? legolas 
i identify as counter strike , and i find this globally offensive . 
yeah i can take a hint . i'm not going to though . 
what do pimps and santa have in common ? they stay with 3 ho's 
i met an urban dwarf who keeps perfect time . he's a metronome . 
in japan 2 3 population hava cataracts the other 1 3 have rincon continental 
if crime doesn't pay ... ... than you're doing it wrong . 
come over to the nerd side ... we have pi . 
women's sports 
what separates man from animal ? the atlantic ocean . 
there really should be awards for getting out of bed . 
no one beats the jackson 5 ! except their father . 
thanks for the gold ! i'm an optimistic guy . 
what do africans wear on their heads ? ebowla hats 
ok , but like , how married are you ? 
tifu by clicking on a useless post . 
what happens when you smoke weed in saudi arabia ? you get stoned . 
when you get 3 out of 4 , its ... not half bad ! 
what was the last thing beethoven accomplished ? decomposing 
i don't like nazi jokes ... ... they're far beyond mein kampfort zone . 
how often do i think about keira ? knightley . 
a committee is twelve men doing the work of one . 
if straight people use tinder , what do germans use ? hitler 
my wife dresses to kill . she cooks the same way . 
whats the difference between new york and middle earth ? two towers . 
awful purim joke grogger ? i hardly knew her ! 
some people need to open their small minds instead of their big mouths . 
a jem of a joke you 
what is white and goes up ? a stupid snowflake 
went to a ginger convention today there wasn't a soul there . 
certain religions condemn eating pig meat . they're against the idea of cannibalism . 
for follow friday i recommend saturday . 
why did kennedy throw his head back ? he was taking a shot . 
why is it easy for chicks to talk ? because talk is cheep ! 
why doesn't jesus play volleyball ? all those spikes hurt his hands 
so today i finally got my license ... to krill ! 
it's cold outside ... come inside , sit in the corner it's 90 
what is the cheapest meat ? deer testicles . they're under a buck . 
just read it just reddit 
yet another clinton picks heads over tail . 
why do people paint eggs for easter ? bunnies squirm too much . 
why didn't jesus business break even ? it wasn't making enough prophet 
why did jesus quit playing hockey ? he kept getting nailed into the boards 
i play hard to get if it's hard , you're getting it . 
personal reflection is important for anyone working in the mirror industry . 
in the middle east its hard to tell who's crazy , and hussein . 
best jocks https : www . reddit . com r reddit50 comments 3p9d9z girl_you_remind_me_of_an_alarm_clock 
why does the nba finish in june ? she likes it . 
bb8 , are you hungry ? no , bb8 . 
what do nerdy mermaids wear ? algae - bras 
how do you get a male cat " fixed " ? get him catstrated 
i just slept with pinnochio . no strings . 
why do people starve ? when food tastes so good . 
a amish scientist ... 
i put the std in stud ... and all i'm missing is you . 
happy 34 of americans tuesday . 
something disturbing came in the mail today ... ... my mailman . 
she puts the hot in psychotic 
a dodgeball player died recently ... he will be missed . 
haters gonna have a valid point sometimes . 
home is where the pants aren't 
can we survive without whales ? no whey . 
i bet all the other glues are really jealous of super glue . 
i wonder if captain america ever borrows money from captain china . 
i think my dog wants to be a carpenter . he likes roofing . 
what music do cats prefer ? deadmau5 
feudalism it's your count that votes . 
" i have a hunch . " - inspector quasimodo 
be right back . - godot 
santa clause for halloween . axe murderer for christmas . 
my friend gerund is from ingland . 
i'll believe corporations are people when conservatives ban them from marrying each other . 
stephen harper's campaign against trump " donald trump : he's just too old " 
how to sound australian . say " good eye might " aloud . 
what is saddam hussein's favorite band ? my chemical romance 
i heard the funniest joke ... but the fine bros copyrighted it . 
ever tried 77 ? you get 8 more . 
you're not an american until you've eaten more than the serving suggestion . 
ho ho ho pimp . 
how does michael jackson beat it ? with the jackson five 
definitely never want to own a small fruit stand in an action movie . 
what do you call poppies from eastern africa ? ethiopium 
leonardo ... . nooscario 
which actor is resting in pieces ? alan ripman 
oc how does captain hook cook pita bread ? with a pita pan . 
what did obama say to trump at the white house ? change 
the supermarket ran out of soup . they were out of stock . 
never date a girl named autumn because she'll leave you . 
the best joke on reddit oc 
abraham lincoln was better at finishing plays than the seahawks . 
cashier : smile ! me : worry about your own face . 
what's another word for slaughterhouse ? lumbar mill . 
what sea creature is the most self - centered ? a shellfish 
what is mortal kombat fans favorite nigerian state ? it's kano . 
physics joke yo mama so fat she has a spin of 2 
how often does jet fuel melt steel beams ? 9 11 
i used to have poor judgement before twitter , now i have poorer judgment 
sometimes i feel like girls are like oscars and im leonardo dicaprio : 
what's a good treatment for insomnia ? bill cosby 
just got a houseplant . can't wait til it grows a house . 
what kind of bird does 2 chainz own ? toucan 
three straight men walk in to a bar ... and come out . 
women are like parking spots they are either taken or handicapped . 
three dyslexics walk into a bra ... 
i just saw my balls on the simpsons . itchy and scratchy . 
sometimes i just like to surprise my liver and drink water . 
ellen pao reminds me of this guy i know ... his name is op 
what's bill cosby's favorite cheese ? camembert . 
you're fat don't sugar coat it , you'd eat that too 
decaf means something is very , very dec . 
i only had kids so i'd have a valid excuse for always being late 
what's a zombies favorite exercise ? deadlifts 
" thanks , you've been a wonderful host ! " - viruses 
before you wreckyourselfvakia czechoslovakia 
what did anakin give to padme for christmas ? sithilis 
what did the priest say when watering his garden ? let us spray . 
chemistry joke if you can't helium or curium , then you barium . 
what's the difference between pizza and your opinion ? i asked for pizza . 
" shoot for the moon , land among the stars " - dead astronaut 
i don't want my wife any longer . her height is perfect . 
america is 5 wars away from receiving a free one . 
my heart hurts when you're not around * buuurrrrpp * never mind 
how do lumber theives offload their stolen goods ? they fence it . 
a man didn't like his haircut but it started to grow on him 
a helicopter crashed on a graveyard reports says over 500 dead . 
right now chuck norris pumpkin is carving itself 
my wife kept trying to get pregnant but she blew all her chances 
woman equalities . 
for lunch today i ate three lunches . 
ellin pao is a perfect redditor ... a predditor , if you will 
if the earth is round why is there no round 2 ? 
i am poliachi man laughs , roll on snare drum 
i hate when i can't understand what i'm eavesdropping on . 
i watch doomsday films like there's no tomorrow . 
ya know who's probably more bummed out than any of us ? bums . 
how did the cheerleader get magic aids ? a magic johnson . 
what pokemon would you catch in rio de janeiro ? zikachu . 
in elevator ... ask " what would ray rice do ? " 
i don't trust people with graph paper they're always plotting something 
why did the lizards get a divorce ? a reptile dysfunction 
penny for the ruble ... oh wait never mind ! 
what kind of motorbike does santa ride ? a holly davidson ! 
what's the hardest part of making monster soup ? stirring it . 
why doesn't russia import water buffalo ? because they already have moscow . 
so i broke my nokia today . 
what is an autograph ? a chart which shows car sales . 
albert einstein was a genius ... but his brother frank was a monster . 
what do you call john cena in camouflage ? redundant 
how do the jedi imprison siths ? with force - fields 
yo mama so fat ... ... the holiday photos are still printing 
martin shkreli's life was such a joke he was born on april 1st ... 
what's a sjw's favorite maths topic ? triggernometry 
do you fall for click bait ? yes . 
what is a buddhist's favorite pizza ? one with everything 
got a tan this weekend . might exchange it for a turquoise . 
what is my favorite street sign ? slow children . 
3 . ask questions . 4 . use the face . 
guess who opened for justin bieber ... the teenage girls . 
why did the can crusher quit his job ? it was soda pressing . 
did you know that ants are free ? you can just take one ! 
what language do fast talkers from moscow speak ? * rush * ian ! 
jesus noticeably walking into work 3 days late sorry i'm late i died 
what is the boogiemans favorite dance move ? the boogie 
lots of decisions will be made today ... because it's choose day . 
have you seen bofa lately ? bofa deez nutz 
a rabbit's favourite christmas song ? lettuce with a gladsome mind 
want to hear a good pee joke ? well urine luck . 
do these four empty jars of nutella make me look fat ? 
what's an otaku's favorite transition metal ? manga - nese ! 
taliban airways we make sure your flight is a blast . 
40 theoretical physicists walk into a bar or did they ? 
" sorry i put my nuts on your desk . " 
i keep trying to find my wife's killer but nobody will do it 
what is batman's least favorite ice cream ? vanilla bane ! 
what's a redditor's favourite sword move ? riposte ! 
the inauguration is today ... trump : unprecedented obama : un - presidented 
if you eat guns , you'll sweat bullets . it's science . 
in canada , miles davis is known as kilometers davis . 
if things around you don't change , change the thing you're around . 
how did the imam order his dessert ? allah mode 
lmao this joke has no punchline because ellen pao 
what kind of ant is good at maths ? an accountant ! 
greatest joke on all of reddit is this subreddit 
i had a blind date tonight her name was 
yer man's no chicken anyways ... who's no chicken ? donald duck . 
what do you call a color - blind pop artist ? see no green 
your face . there's a bat for that . 
your mom's so fat her nickname is " damn ! " 
yo mama's soo ugly . . one direction went the other way . 
i think this belongs here . mitt romney 
what's a bicyclists favorite letter ? a ! hands raised up 
i saved a bunch of money on car insurance by switching genders . 
who get's the best grades ? a - sians 
i went on a long bicycle ride yesterday . farcical ? 
what do brits call a fleshlight ? a blowtorch . 
" let's get this show on the road . " guy who invented parades 
out here in compton searching for wiggachu pokemongo 
i'm tired of being dissed by automated restroom paper towel dispensers . 
why did fifa have surgery ? they had to remove their blatter . 
the world is my oyster . expensive and gross . 
where do you find 100 fat cows ? at bingo 
somebody told me to make an original wonderwall joke i said no 
where do koalas love to go for a holiday ? koala lumpur . 
how did djengis khan found mongolia ? one steppe at a time . 
if it weren't for the gutter , my mind would be homeless . 
how did helen keller get punished ? her mom rearranged the living room 
for hindi speakers what is the loneliest fruit ? a kela 
the shortest joke in the world dwarf shortages 
its girls like u that cause global warming ! 
salt movie review gave me hypertension , 16 10 . 
why did the goal post get angry ? because the bar was rattled ! 
if ice t got killed he'd be called iced t . 
origami the world origami championships is today . let's see how it unfolds . 
how do dog catchers get paid ? by the pound ! 
when did john mcenroe arrive at wimbledon ? about tennish . 
i own a gossipy parrot ... which really says a lot about me . 
i've yet to find the village where people help you raise your kids 
fortunately i've never been brainwashed , so my mind gets dirtier each day . 
many people are shocked when they find out i'm not a good electrician . 
what is a catholic choir boy's favorite song ? " can't touch this " 
camo bulletd you know , so they do see it coming ! 
so ladies , oscar pistorius is single ... and he is ... 
society : be yourself . society : no not like that 
my job is secure . no one else wants it . 
i'm sorry did you say your name is ned or bread 
looking for a flexible babysitter . my girlfriend only does missionary . 
what mental illness does hank hill have ? propanic depression 
jamiroquai because jamirosad . 
why do astronauts bring their phone into space ? because they can get 4g 
i wish i lost weight as fast as i lose motivation 
" i'm going to be famous one day " - unknown 
when's a dentist's favorite time ? 40 hours 
here's a joke ... college fees . 
what did the tailor say about her job ? it's sew sew 
* yells from space * did you kill that spider ? ! 
what's a pirate's favorite thing about turning 65 ? aarrrrp 
my grandfather lost his tongue during ww2 he never talks about it . 
don't ask me stupid questions and i won't hurt your stupid feelings . 
what is the theory behind brownian motion of sperms ? it's testicle physics . 
why do isis fighters avoid montreal restaurants ? because they serve poutine . 
what's annoying about going 90 in a school zone ? the screaming speed bumps 
fat people are a bit like circles . because pie dictates their life . 
how do you make a feminist angry you don't , they come that way 
what do nazis have for breakfast luftwaffles 
when does one plus one equal three ? nine months later . 
never trust a screw ... ... they might turn on you ! 
meeting the parents do you have one in blonde ? 
what did the frog say after he finished his book ? reddit . 
did you know a falling cat always lands in a single person's apartment ? 
i'm gonna get a neck tattoo that looks exactly like my neck . 
some people are legally blind . what happens to the illegally blind ? 
i'd expect captain america to be fatter . 
lost my bitcoins last week been trying to track them down ever since . 
sometimes i worry that pizza isn't a real sport 
why couldn't the apple speak to the orange ? because he didn't know mandarin 
i'm so bright my mom calls me her sun 
friends are like trampolines . i've always wanted a trampoline . 
what do houses eat when their breath stinks ? apart mints 
the device will work much better , if you turn it on . 
hockey : because running on knives makes sense . 
why did the shark keep swimming in circles it had nosebleed . 
what's the best way to break in a new pair of shoes ? moonwalking 
no auto - correct , i never meant " relationship goats " . 
what kind of shampoo do people with down syndrome use ? tresemme 21 
why don't jedi make good comedians ? because their jokes always sound forced . 
" stop hitting me . " - rock bottom . 
is that a tongue ring ? no ... my mouth is just liftin weights 
like a good neighbor state farm and i haven't ever spoken . 
pessimist : this can't get any worse . optimist : yes it can ! 
indie - tarts : the nuanced alternative to pop - tarts . 
why didn't the skeleton cross the road ? he was dead . 
what's a pirate's favorite subreddit ? r matey 
how does a barber make phone calls ? he cuts them short . 
whoever thought up the spelling of the word " queue " is stueuepid . 
lets give each other cute nicknames like , plaintiff and defendant 
what do you call two stoners sharing a joint over dessert ? joint custardy 
i didn't get your text because i'm lying 
so how do i take the gum out of my hair ? cancer . 
george bush is a pretty handsome man i would rate him 9 11 
when do chickens stop laying eggs ? henopause 
my car is probably the most expensive bird toilet i own . 
what is jamaica's favorite tv series ? the walking dread 
my dog forgot it's mother's day , again . 
how many sad soccer fans are there today ? a brazillion ... 
i don't date married men . i mean i wouldn't call it dating ... 
i was watching you while you slept . you look pretty stupid . 
how do you defend your breath mints ? tic - tactically . 
a heavy woman walks into a lingerie shop . she was bra'd 
if you want to cry use a tissue , not your facebook status . 
what's the best angle to tackle a problem ? the try - angle 
i eat sunflower seeds because i like food but i absolutely love littering 
e open box empty 
you know how racist make their pancakes ? with white powder . 
i do my best proofreading right after i hit send . 
there is only one type of cake i don't like stomach ache 
happy 1 year anniversary to the lean cuisine in my freezer ! 
what was hitler's favorite yugioh card ? blue eyes white person 
what is agitated buy joyful ? a washing machine 
oc where do all the cutest electrons hang out ? a d orbital 
ukraine's crisis has been caused by the west . - putin 
i have diabetes ... . there's no sugar coating it . 
what did the abortionist have for breakfast ? scrambled eggs p 
there is one rule to tennis love means nothing 
i'm thinking of writing a mystery novel ... or am i ? 
what was the seal's favorite subject in school ? art art art ! 
9 11 never forget 11 9 always regret 
why were the teachers eyes so crossed ? she couldn't control her pupils . 
increasingly desperate google search for " how many shadows should i have ? " 
worst place to buy condoms ? a church . they're holy . 
almost 10 , 000 tweets , guess who's not employee of the month . 
what would be a more appropriate name for spiderman ? peter parkour . 
replaced my shoelaces with ear buds and now they tie themselves . 
what has 6 eyes but cant see ? 3 blind mice . 
three crows walk into a bar hl3 confirmed . 
me : let's go this way . shopping cart : no . 
in general , the wronger it is , the louder it's shouted . 
why doesn't gabe newell have kids ? he can't get to 3rd base 
a squirrel had dynamite . he was trying to bust a nut 
knock knock . * yodelayhe 
tan lines are like highlighter for your most awesome body parts . 
i own a store that sells crafts painted with blood it's called the artery 
the jerk store called . instead of texting . typical 
if you eat enough ice cream your clothes will shrink . weeeeird . 
i've slept with a series of triplets i called it a waltz 
in honour of mothers day , what's your favourite yo momma joke ? 
what do you call an erection you get at a funeral ? mourning wood 
physics ! what hurts really bad ? frequency ! 
who sews really really fast ? tailor swift 
the fcc requires all rock stations to hire a woman named kat . 
why are fat couples always so close ? gravity 
why would anybody ask me anything when google exists ? 
what's the coldest type of reptile ? blizzards . 
guns don't kill people ... husbands that come home early from work do . 
always identify who to blame in an emergency . 
tried belly dancing but ended up looking like an insect about to die . 
what is the jolly green giant most afraid of ? avocado pickers 
my abacus is super trustworthy i can always count on it 
an elderly couple were watching tv they died . 
hey , are you a broadleaved deciduous hardwood tree ? birch i might be 
what is the fluid capacity of monica lewinsky's mouth ? one us leader 
what time is it after you've eaten a dozen eggs ? 8 : 12 
what does a flame smell like ? burnt nose hair . 
stephen hawking masturbating now there's a stroke of genius 
how did the hairdresser escape ? john frieda . 
chuck norris ... walks up the elevator . 
xanax : for hispanic attacks . 
what does a ship weigh when she leaves for a journey ? anchor . 
what can jelly beans do that you can't ? come in different colors . 
what is a stealth bombers favorite banana from bananas in pajamas ? b2 
what did the space between two tiles say ? i am grout 
some penguins went to a bar waddle they do next ? 
television is a medium because anything well done is rare . 
you know you're drunk when the cat barks . 
what's a blonde's favorite color ? a light shade of clear . 
what doesn't princess leia like toy guns ? because the nerf hurt her . 
q . why do men like smart women ? a . opposites attract . 
some relationships today will end over a " like " on facebook . 
" what's green and eats nuts ? " " syphilis ! " 
a drug addict died in his sleep ... i guess he overdozed . 
warning : i will not steal your boyfriend but i might steal your cat 
if i'm a baker , you're the dough . . i knead you . 
it must be garbage truck mating season , judging from the sounds outside . 
any recommendations for a new chiropractor ? dr . reece etmabak . 
* turns on alarm * alarm : i have a headache 
a joke walks into a bar and everyone laughs ! 
how to ruin a joke on reddit ? misspell the paunch line . 
does adam sandler know that he's allowed to turn down movie roles ? 
she died doing what she loved ! telling me how to drive . 
what do vegetarian zombies eat ? graaaaaaiiiins ... ... 
what did the blonde medical student die from ? an aneurysm . 
i thought instagram was a cocaine delivery service . 
here's a really old one i 
if watermelon exist why doesn't earthmelon , firemelon and airmelon ? the elemelons . 
both my ends are business ends . 
why did the nun always wear a slip ? sheer habit . 
my printer has a drug problem and it just can't stop ! 
not ordering french fries counts as exercise , right ? 
what did the homeless got for christmas ? hypothermia . 
what is harper lee's favorite alcoholic drink ? a tequila mockingbird . 
what do you call vladimir putin after an ultimate fighting championship ? vloody putin 
which insurance company does bernie sanders use ? progressive . 
level of drunkenness : fed the atm pizza . 
he : is this love or what ? she : what . 
" i used to be the internet ! " - the library 
twentieth century fox should really consider updating their name . 
whats does copy pasta taste like ? the same 
anyone else get the feeling their being watched ? nsa : they're . 
sometimes having an extra chromosome ... really gets me down 
some mornings i just want to brew the coffee directly into my mouth . 
a book commits suicide every time you watch a reality show . 
what do you call rowan atkinson watching monty python ? a jellybean . 
who has the largest pupils ? a sumo instructor . 
" flatulence is not an emotion . " - me explaining feelings to boyfriend 
what language do teapots speak ? teabrew . 
why don't kleptomaniacs understand metaphors ? because they take everything , literally . 
why do we sleep ? because we get sleepy . 
hey hot single dads i wanna call you daddy too . 
hitler didn't like oranges . he hated the juice . 
" can you describe your self in two words ? " - lazy . 
what's the holiest , french color ? sacred blue ! 
people think i'm kissing an imaginary girl when i play air tuba . 
my mother died suddenly from natural causes . i strangled her with kelp . 
what's the difference between comcast and hell ... hell has better customer service . 
what do you call a cow that's had an abortion ? decalfinated 
who is a chemist's favorite game of thrones character ? stannous baratheon . 
lettuce , tomato , onion , green peppers ... wrong sub . 
what is worse than spygate ? deflate - gate 
where do witches and wizards shop ? voldemart . 
why are ducks funny ? cause they be quacking jokes 
what doesn't bruce want for christmas from his ex ? a krismas goose . 
helping a gang of squirrels buy remote control cars against my better judgment . 
" omgjk " - atheists 
what body part never seems to win ? the feet . 
who does batman love the most bae - ne 
what's dark , and usually involved in crime ? a balaclava . 
* works out for 75 mins * eats an entire batch of cookie dough 
countless marriages could be saved by requiring urinals in private residences . 
what do internet pirates have on their legs ? j . pegs 
what do you call a republican fashion director ? clothed minded 
what do you call a rapper will killer abs ? 6pac 
chuck norris knows victoria's secret . 
what kind of baseball do burgers play ? ketchup baseball ! 
might get a gatorade logo tattoo to symbolize my contempt for thirst . 
* dog puts cupcake on my nose and tells me to " stay " 
what vehicle does a baker drive ? a winnebagel 
the best joke about kim jong un removed 
what is darth vader's least favorite band ? faith no more 
there's a name for people without beards women 
what's a homophobic congressman's favorite place to swim ? in da nile 
why does the corn hate the farmer ? because he picks his ears ! 
i heard someone got shocked by their ford ... that must stang . 
what is another name for a nissan cube ? a tool box . 
a hipster burnt his tongue drinking coffee before it was cool . 
my private health insurance really needs to start covering retail therapy . 
ordered my grilled cheese with tomato . go hard or go home . 
my ideal date : shoplifting sushi from walgreens then holding hands for 3 hours 
i can kill a man with nothing but my bare gun 
autotune is the new 80s saxophone . 
what's the most unsatisfying prank ? 
does anyone else find it ironic that stalin was also russian ? 
why was jesus bad at cod he respawns after 2 days 
that awkward moment the drug dealer charges you extra for the briefcase . 
i tried to explain what integers are it was pointless 
how are socks like boy scouts ? they always come pre - paired . 
why is russian the most dangerous language to learn ? because it's russki . 
what martial art do cows practice ? moo - thai . 
how did mark zuckerberg meet miley cyrus ? social net twerking 
what's a woman's best curve ? her smile . 
which war had the most overweight soldiers ? vietnomnomnom 
i taught my parents something today ... they learned from their mistake . 
so i got myself a cuban girlfriend ... she is my guantanamo bae . 
putting on mascara without opening my mouth is on my bucket list 
where does an 800 pound gorilla sleep ? with the fishes . 
this venn guy was sure bad at drawing circles next to each other 
what does a owl say when it stumps it foot ? ooooowwwwllll ... . 
what does a pirate prefer to wear ? doublet or nothing . 
what's the thing u don't tell a vampire ? bite me . 
you're having a big wedding ? cool . i'm having a big mac 
who is the most hated actor in saudi arabia ? shia labeouf 
what kind of game are americans worst at ? tower defense . 
did you hear about those chicken proof yards ? they're impeckable . 
a waist is a terrible thing to mind . 
chuck norris counted to infinity twice ! 
accidentally picked out soothing paint colors and now my panic room is ruined . 
it is amazing how many problems you can solve by ignoring them . 
what do cat actors say on stage ? tabby or not tabby ! 
what is a feminist's least favourite maths topic ? trigger - nometry . 
if you saw a heat wave ... . would you wave back ? 
what do you use to buy drinks ? bar tender 
" these mushrooms aren't poisonous ! " - somebody's last words 
are you a cat because i'm feline a connection between us 
i think , therefore i'm single . 
van gogh was the original selfie king . 
what's better than tennis ? elevenis 
i wonder if meat - packing plants charge for services rendered . 
want to get noticed ? go jogging without moving your arms . 
silkworms two silkworms had a race it ended in a tie . 
only smart , good - looking people will " like " this status . 
how do you know someone's an engineer ? no worries they will tell you 
what did hillary say when she lost ? putin end to my life . 
what's the meaning of life ? why don't you google it ? 
something on valentines day i just don't get ... laid . 
what's a buccaneer ? they're on the side of your buccin head . 
why was the man sued by his horse ? for palomino - money ! 
donald trump runs for president 
" please stand for the paralympic anthem . " 
are there any other animals besides humans who communicate unnecessarily ? 
did you hear rolf harris is dyslexic ? rofl 
where does a psychologist keep his boat ? on a freudian slip 
bunnyprofessor 
i love dating umpires . i always feel safe . 
jack daniels just came in my mouth . 
what is every amish woman's dream ? two mennonite . 
if a stranger offers you a piece of candy ... take two . 
why did the snail drink beer ? to come out of its shell ! 
what do you call al - qaeda's april fools prank ? a jihahahad ! 
what music service do potatoes like to use ? spudify . 
no , your stupid . 
what insect can be spelled with just one letter ? bee . 
you know you're getting old when people say you look young . . : 
there's nothing sadder than a bald eagle with a combover 
what is white and square ? a ping pong block . 
all the dads with weekend custody are crowding up the donut shop . 
why don't sjws like reddit ? it's a real cispool . 
what do you do with a camel that won't move ... camel tow it 
some people age like wine , others age like milk . 
what does sonic say during ramadan ? gotta go fast 
" she is not fine . " sun tzu 
i can turn water into kool - aid . your move jesus . 
what does a frog do when it's sad ? kermits suicide . 
what did the noble gas sound like when he laughed ? he he he 
you know if you stab a salad 23 times it becomes a chopped salad 
yo mama so fat , they're gonna put the movie in two parts . 
made a pizza today with indian bread it was like naan other 
brain : we got this ! ! body : yeah , no we don't 
are everyone all al'ri ght no ! you are all al'le ft 
a dyslexic arab walks into a bar ouch , says the other arab 
why are blondes terrible at telling jokes , timing . 
today i am celebrating 100 days without alcohol ! not consecutively , though . 
i hate all these pi days jokes they go on forever . 
teacher : what is ba na2 ? pupil : banana . 
the only joke my mom ever made was me 
what's pink and hard ? ... micheal jackson ... still . 
how do cows move in groups ? si - moo - taniously 
my dad bought some candles from the store they seem pretty lit 
where did the gorilla play baseball ? in the bush leaguesof course ! 
what idiot named it balding not vanishing into thin hair . 
what do you do before deploying a tickle into production ? a testicle ! 
i'm participating in some vintage ploughing this weekend i'm visiting the local retirement home 
what magazine makes cows stampede to the newsstand ? cows - mopolitan ! 
i wanted to post a joke about tofu but it's tasteless . 
" i'm wet and have crabs . " that's what sea said . 
my coffee reminded me of ferguson today dark and full of shots . 
sisters thinking of joining isis are infatuated with i products . 
namast'ay away from negative people . 
a good pun ... a good pun is its own reword . 
walmart is giving away dead batteries for the holidays ... free of charge 
jesus christ . they stole your tweet . not your first born son . 
the edmonton oilers 
frankly , my dear , i don't give a dm . 
i always carry a condom in my wallet incase i can't finish my corndog 
why do abortion clinics make bad op's ? ... because they don't deliver ... 
9 out of every 3 people suffer from math illiteracy . 
here's a fedex joke actually , you'll get it tomorrow 
how to lose an argument with an idiot - 1 argue . 
i hate going left because it's just not right . 
but i'm the good kind of abomination , right ? ? ? 
have you heard of the italian chef that died ? he pasta away ! 
what do condoms prevent ? minivans . 
just ordered some cops for my neighbours . 
hostage or not , sometimes it's just nice to be held . 
i like to play music loud it's kind of my forte . 
i tried fixing my muffler today ... ... well , it's exhausting . 
do you believe in cod ? because i reely trout it exists . 
there should be a ... . women's rights music group called feminem . 
what are an italian bench warmer's favorite vegetables ? asparagi ! 
bought candy at the movies and suddenly i can't pay this months rent anymore 
ios 8 fail . 
who wants gold ? amuse me first ... hahaha 
i just ate my weight in kidney beans ! i weigh eight ounces . 
grammar nazis have typo negative blood . 
why do some fish always look high ? because of all the seaweed . 
my boyfriend wanted a serious relationship so we stopped smiling at each other . 
edgar allan poe because edgar allan got no job 
a joke is like a frog ... . when you dissect it dies 
if you hold your pee . . then your hands would get wet . 
a blonde goes to a target and misses . 
who is donald trump's favorite action star ? sylvester small - loan 
which day do chickens fear most ? fryday . 
a fax machine is just a surprise printer . 
hello test * hello * * info * info2 * info3 balh blah 
12 ways to cut down on clickbait ! this wasn't one of them 
cnn : the boy who cried breaking news . 
lpt : how to keep time on your hands get a watch . 
two crows are in jail . what are they in for ? attempted murder 
paper is so terrible ... 
so how did you die ? too long for here , read comments . 
the music of life needs more cowbell . 
what kind of girl does a hamburger like ? any girl named patty ! 
i'm fluent in mandarin said the orange . 
baby your dirtier than my browsers history ! 
the two secrets of life 1 . don't tell everyone everything you know . 
the fifth season will start in a few days nuclear winter 
what is the worst part about an unfinished joke ? 
just breathe and eat a banana . everything will be ok . 
be yourself everyone else is already batman . 
i caught my nephew doing drugs with me last night . 
writing cuss words on the white space of textbook pages is marginally offensive . 
women's soccer 
armadillo the world needs more armed dillos . 
what blod type am i ? type - o 
what do cheese and cancer have in common ? americans put it everywhere ! 
i pushed a hipster down the stairs today ... he's still tumbling ! 
hey reddit , guess what's funnier than 24 ? 25 
i only have one hand ... . so i shop at secondhand stores . 
as the day goes on , coworkers start appearing more flammable . 
every single person my age ... ... is 43 . 
the cannibal threw up his hands in frustration . 
a stunning pregnant blonde insisted on having a laparoscopic caeserian 
i wanted to lose 10 pounds this year . only 13 to go . 
is this sub dying ? almost nobody has posted anything all year ! 
what do you can an agent orange attack on bangkok ? thai die . 
i'm not fred flintstone ... but i can make your bedrock . 
in hell , your coworker never finishes opening a wrapper . 
what is the ape monster's name ? godzilla gorilla ! 
cloudy with a chance of meatballs ? talk about a meatier shower ! 
" i just need some space . " - astronaut break up 
what do you say when a dog runs away ? dog - gone ! 
you know what the funniest thing is about dementia ? 
i went clubbing last night i saw girls twerking in a bun dance . 
if anyone ever tells you they've lost their voice they're lying . 
the first rule of alzheimer's club , is don't talk about chess club . 
what it princess zelda's favorite food ? hot links 
what's as big as a horse but weighs nothing ? a horses shadow ! 
what did the borg's existential brother say star trek ? existence is futile . 
can someone please explain why i have to pay full price for swiss cheese 
will i live to see 90 ? you just did . 
apparently pound town is not a british dollar store 
baller is short for ballerina 
so anyway , one of my favorite pastimes is not drowning . 
now that microsoft is so big , should it be called macrosoft 
what is the most well educated type of nut ? macademia . 
why don't witches wear a flat cap ? there's no point to it 
politicians hate each other more than they love america . 
that incessant , monotonous football is really ruining my enjoyment of the vuvuzelas . 
what did sheldon say to penny ? bazinca ! ! 
i hate being stuck in a vacuum chamber makes my blood boil 
tony stark's drag queen name . fe male . 
what idiot called them " cannibals " and not " humanitarians " ? 
what do call an old man that asks questions ? pop quiz 
who's microsoft's favorite musician ? adele 
what does a witch get if she's a poor traveler ? broom sick . 
yo momma's so dense she has an accretion disk i'm so sorry ... 
you cannot taste me , until you undress me . banana 
friday ... gods gift to the working people 
what are the consequences of smoking weed ? the reefercussions 
it's always sunny in florida until the filthy shia move into the neighborhood . 
what's a man's idea of foreplay ? a half hour of begging . 
honey boo boo changes name to sugar scab . 
what is the proper way to parallel park ? park somewhere else . 
syria is wherever the syrians are in europe 
my sister while kneading dough : " this hand workout dough ! " 
why did the lebo die ? cause he was fullllly sik m8 . 
sometimes i treat my depression , but other times we go dutch . 
a yoga teacher was murdered ... ... they're saying it was premeditated . 
where is benedict arnold's favorite place to shop for groceries ? traitor joe's 
sorry for my absence , i've been hiding inside my head 
it's not on a map , or some app . miller light 
what's a foot long and slippery ? a slipper . : d 
hey are you from gryfindor ? great . can i slytherin ? 
looking forward to the time when my level of awkwardness becomes socially acceptable . 
i came here for ... ... funny jokes in the comments . 
it's not the bullet that kills you , it's the hole . 
some people think that their life experience compensates for their lack of brain . 
where can you find a mormon horse ? salt lick city . 
have you ever tried eating your watch ? it's time consuming 
do someone a favor and it becomes your job . 
it's so weird to think that nothing before the invention of pics happened . 
what was prince's greatest " hit ? " purple vein 
your tombstone should be carved in comic sans . 
how much is 5q and 5q ? 10q . " you're welcome . " 
crouch down and lean forward . that's how i roll . 
how to propose marriage : 1 . drive to bridge 2 . jump off 
what kinds of clothes do protons wear ? plus sizes ! 
i like my kitkat like i like my girls : two at once . 
tall people don't need to be inspirational everyone already looks up to them . 
morrissey has cancer i know , i know , it's serious . 
accidentaly switching two letters ... ... can completely urin a sentence . 
dolphins don't do anything by accident . . always on porpoise . 
i can go from 2 to 0 testicles in 1 . 0 spiders . 
hey wat was lenard nimoys favorite pet william ratner his rat 
i put the " alcohol " in " me " 
reddit is down ? now where will 9gag get all of its content ? 
did you hear about the constipated accountant ? he just couldn't budget . 
what does charles darwin use to moisturise his skin ? evo - lotion . 
i went to vegetarian restaurant the other day ... i falafel afterwards . 
what is jesus favorite mathematical operation ? the cross product 
anyone know any good " walks into a bar " type jokes ? 
cheese and schizophrenia - which cheese is schizophrenic ? - halloumi 
time does'nt exist . clocks exists . 
if my calculations are correct , then someone else did them for me . 
" upscale " sounds like a euphemism for " fat . " 
what did the brain dead guy have for breakfast ? comatoast ! 
calculus derives me crazy ! ! 
every time a baby gets named shaniqua , a job opens up somewhere . 
tim cook just came out . waiting for the android version . 
you're missing the point and possibly a chromosome ... 
just got a 14 haircut at great clips because i'm worth it goddamnit . 
if storks bring human babies what bring monster babies ? cranes . 
how can a redneck tell his twin sisters apart ? by taste . 
no one got screwed worse than male ladybugs . 
brushed my teeth before my breakfast and now my vodka tastes funny . : 
this humid weather reminds me of new york in the 80's muggy . 
what's better than eating a mandarin ? eating amanda out 
home is not where you live , but where they understand you . 
i have a work fetish i never come too late . 
did you hear about the kidnapping ? i heard they woke him up ! 
what do ghosts drink for halloween ? booooze ! 
what's so great about nihilism ? nothing . 
never drink alone thats why i skype with people when i'm drinking . 
i'm agender and that gender is male 
what is hot and makes me hard ? being covered in lava . 
what did the music thief do in college ? take notes . 
a pig's favorite movie : the monster that ate new york . 
given the species reputation , you'd think bugs bunny would have more relatives . 
you don't really know someone until you get drunk with them . 
a leaf blower , but for people . 
why are there no headache pills in troy ? cause paracetamol 
i went to the reddit hotel the host wasn't responding . 
why did the post office get sued ? for mail - practice ! ! 
what company spent over 6 . 2 billion in buying viagra ? microsoft 
i recently did a survey on syria . the results blew me away . 
loltard : someone who uses lol too much . 
minimum wage , maximum rage : the life of a twitter opinion haver 
the england cricket team ... 
why couldn't the bike stand up ? it was too tired . 
i need someone really bad . are you really bad ? 
i should have gone to see the optometrist i can't anymore 
what restaurant does a fast food worker hacker work at ? hackdonalds . 
do you think apple's next phone will be a 6s ? 
movie about internet too slow 
in five - card poker , six - high beats a pair ... 
what do the irish hate more than potatoes ? no potatoes . 
what is an architects favorite movie ? angles in the outfield 
damn girl , you must be drunk ? thats your puke your eating 
how did vikings send secret messages ? by norse code ! 
what's yellow and hurts when it gets in your eye ? bull dozer 
favorite tank of isis is is - 2 
i can understand leaving a baby unattended - - but your phone ! ! 
did you hear about that brilliant irish investor ? his money just keeps dublin 
rihanna should date lebron ... he never beats anyone . 
just ran into a grammar fanatic out with whom i once made . 
my doctor said my cervix is perfect . i'm still blushing . 
yo mama jokes here you can tell yo mama jokes 
what do you call a sinking ship full of condiments ? sinko de mayo 
i was going to make a pokemon joke but i decided natu 
i like movie reviews you always catch something new the second time 
having a british girlfriend is tough they always leave you . 
what do you call two banana peels on the floor ? slippers 
friend : what are you gonna be for halloween ? me : drunk ! 
always the camel , never the toe . 
what do you call rihanna if she gets fat ? a rihanna grande 
burger king's full name is burger luther king jr . 
all these star wars spoilers are alderaan reasons to start a war 
the lady artist by andrew pictures 
i can't spell armugedon ... but it's not the end of the world . 
confucius say ... man who run in front of car get tired . 
did you hear about what happened to henry winkler he got eyyyyyyyyyds 
why do they call a horse a horse ? because they speak english . 
honey i shrunk the oreos just kidding they're mini oreos stop crying 
terminator sequels are just dialogue from the first terminator in different order . 
why are eagles so hard to find ? they're always in diskies 
what is an autobiography ? the life story of an automobile . 
enough is enough it's the exact same word 
some people call me strange but you can call me any time 
what do they call a list of athletes in jamaica ? a rasta . 
what is santa's favorite type of cookie ? ask your dad . 
* whispers softly * " ... is there a king latifa " 
an adam sandler movie marathon is more difficult than a real marathon . 
why does the noble gas always cry ? because all his friends argon . 
the cleveland browns thats it 
dream carefully , because dreams come true . 
there was a big water fall in usa i believe its still there 
what do u call a group of r atheists fedoration 
i just invented this new word ! plagiarism . 
i haven't pooped in a couple weeks i'm not constipated , i'm just procrapstinating 
nothing at all 1 . test 1 2 . test 2 
i can tell when my skincare puns make you cry by how moisturiser . 
what's a storm trooper's favorite pollster ? pew ! pew ! pew ! 
" it's christmas eve , not christmas steve . " - confused homophobe 
whats the difference between a mod and a cheat ? mods can be deleted 
what's the most annoying thing someone can say ? nevermind . 
siri , what kind of candy is in that van ? 
how can you tell if someone is ticklish ? you use test tickles 
we need to overthrow that tyrannosaurus rex and democratically elect a presidentosaurus rex 
why did napoleon return from exile ? he needed more elba room . 
why can't the porcelain king go to the bathroom ? he was dethroned . 
local store is having a mlk day sale everything is 2 5ths off 
question : what goes up and never comes down ? answer : up 
turkish fundraising dinner donor kebab 
i feel like a crushed coke can on the sidewalk . soda pressed . 
i'm funny . but hey looks aren't everthing ! source : roger miller 
90s movie spoiler alert : it's kevin spacey . 
i don't work here . i'm a consultant . 
what kind of bears don't have teeth ? gummi bears . 
what happens when superman sees superwoman ? he becomes the man of steel 
it's warmer now , but i'm colder than when it was colder . 
my misery loves vodka , and hates company . 
my girlfriend is like my self - esteem i have none 
i wish lap dance minutes felt like treadmill minutes . 
why do endocrinologists visit brothels ? because they are interested in whore moans . 
have you seen www . indecisive . com ? yes and no . 
a reddit joke two x chromosomes 
what quality was the wine that jesus made ? bloody good . 
why did the nun take off her clothes ? she had a bad habit 
the joke's on you ! 
i saw a fight at a campsite yesterday . it was in tents ! 
i wonder if women in china complain that all guys are the same . 
what color is the most metal ? ma * djent * a 
what do you get when two giraffes collide ? a giraffic jam ! 
jake roper from vsauce 3 is cancer . too soon ? 
what kind of marijuana do cows smoke ? moo - dicinal 
i'm a people person , but from a distance . 
sb50 panthers and broncos coin toss hillary won the coin toss 
i've got a joke with no punchline . . i'm not joking ! 
oc what kind of headphones does rhianna wear ? beats by kanye 
why don't plumbers ride bikes ? because they'd get arrested for peddling crack 
an irishman walked out of a bar . what ? it could've happened ! 
a friend is like a car i dont have one 
what does reddit stand for ? reddit : re - downvote downvote it . 
why was the chef fired ? he was caught stroganoff 
how do you find the pun bar ? you just walk into it 
" there's no business like crow business . " - wealthy businesscrow 
you never lose by loving . you always lose by holding back . 
how i won the pools by jack potts 
my friend offered me a brojob i guess he must have been bro curious 
if russia invaded turkey from behind , will greece help ? 
have you ever seen ray charles's mansion ? neither has he . 
what phone service has the fastest internet ? sprint 
what did the elevator say to the stairs ? never mind , i'll escalator 
what kind of bird does not make babies ? a swallow 
people always misuse " ironic " . it's so ironic ... 
why don't white supremacist drink the water in central america ? because it's nicaragua 
adult coping mechanisms : drinking , netflix , pretending nothing's wrong 
what's a crohn's patient's favourite punctuation ? a semi - colon ! 
why did the burger sit beside the telephone ? incase onion rings 
i really enjoy fastening bits of metal together it's riveting 
one man's facebook crush is probably another man's nagging wife or girlfriend . 
how does hitler turn on his lights ? aulightschwitz . 
engineers will get it they should call it a bachelor because of science . 
people say i'm just distrusting , but i don't believe them . 
what's the new taken prequel going to be called ? taken befour 
denial , anger , bargaining , depression , acceptance saturday , sunday 
why are oceans so salty ? because the earth is always tilted . 
why are all liquor stores haunted ? because they're full of spirits . 
this barbecue must be amazing . everything is at steak . 
her lips said no , but her eyes said ... read my lips 
hair disorders by dan druff 
looks like putin will be having turkey for thanksgiving 
when fish play football who is the captain ? the team's kipper ! 
hmmmmmm just lets see how this goes . knock knock . 
my friend sat on my drink ... it went flat 
a pole was playing chess . . . 
unless you're the lead dog , the view never changes . 
how does a communist do well in school ? he gets good marx . 
my greatest contribution to most situations is just not making it worse . 
what language does a patio speak ? porch - uguese 
why did snoop dogg lose control of his pontiac ? the drizzle 
america's future that's the joke 
how does sean connery shave ? ctrl s 
oh , a bear hug . * starts putting clothes back on * 
never treat someone like coca - cola when they treat you like pepsi . 
what's the worst place to be during a tornado ? cracker barrel . 
you gotta love north korea especially if you're a north korean 
1 1 3 if you don't use a condom 
my collection of swiss watches was stolen in spain . adios omegas . 
so it turns out the son of a preacherman just had really long arms 
what does jean valjean use to listen to music ? cosettes . 
ancestry . com : the southern version of eharmony . 
why does a dinosaur climb a tree ? to get in his nest . 
star wars joke : what is the rancor's favorite candy ? jawa breakers . 
you wanna hear an offensive joke ? keemstar . 
what did adele name her sandwich shop ? a deli 
i slapped a statues arse ... i think i hit rock bottom 
ever worry that spiders have 8 slippers to slap you with ? 
why did the pigeon get thrown in jail ? for staging a coo 
real women don't chase men . we set traps . 
what's the secret ingredient in bush's baked beams ? jetfuel . 
what's dad's best one - liner ? " my wife . " 
i like to drink and run . i call it " bacardio " . 
how many people wrote " anti - oepidus " 1 3 5 
i wish babies could have babies . adorable minibabies . 
what comes out of a reasonable volcano ? pragma . 
so i finally figured out how click bait works ... 
" i'm in your city " . me : ok . enjoy it . 
what country always follows zimbabwe ? zimbab - bee ! 
why won't hillary ever pull out ? she's never finished screwing people . 
odd numbers bother me . except 75 . 75 you're ok . 
what's are pirates favorite kind of weapon ? rrrrtillary . 
so i called an indian restaurant they didn't take my reservation . 
what do chemists make guacamole out of ? avogadros 
what do you call a task that isn't quite mundane ? tuesdane 
what are turkish cattle best known for ? mootiny . 
rules to learning english : their our know rules 
test boast , please ignore . i just hacked my friend's reddit account . 
what do you call a fat relative around halloween ? a plump - kin 
how do you get a cut - price parrot ? plant bird seed ! 
why hitler used uboots ? because the enemy did nazi them coming . 
what does a middle - eastern person eat for breakfast ? syria - l 
your momma so fat ... her splash attack does damage 
how do you blend in at a bald convention ? chemo - flage 
i made a song ... in the tuna fish 
" party city " is the least appropriately named store . 
why was the baseball team hot ? it didn't have any fans ! 
why is the universe expanding ? it needs more space . 
two snares and a cymbal falls off a cliff badumtssss 
take my advice i don't use it anyways 
the universe implodes ... . no matter . 
posting inspirational quotes online is the first sign of depression . 
a jealous woman ... can make the fbi look like mall security . 
did you hear about new product out from tampax ? the ipad . 
my favourite part about the harry potter movies ... ... is the casting . 
true intimacy is chatting within a shared google doc 
how does schrodinger apologise ? sorry not sorry 
your swag is gonna look amazing on that burger king application . 
this relationship is over . over . dumping someone via walkie talkie . 
houston , we have a problem houston : new phone who dis 
i am a damn good electrician otherwise i would be dead 
i want minions for christmas . 
" i wanna rock ! " said the angry geologist . 
i turn hot dog water into ice cubes for house guests i don't like 
keep clam . i'm dyslexic . 
2001 called ... they want their towers back 
i dropped my phone in the toilet it's ringing wet ! 
the human torch was denied a bank loan ... 
latvian girl can count latvian girl count to potato . is valedictorian . 
how do you say the torah in german ? kindling . 
i have some jokes about unemployment but they need some work . 
why did the dolphin apologize ? he didn't do it on porpoise . 
what economic theory opposes manscaping ? laissez - fur ! 
hotels are keeping the shower cap industry afloat . 
you give great word of mouth 
why couldn't the nsa whistleblower leave russia ? he was snowed in . 
what happens when niagara trips ? niagara falls 
how do you castrate a priest ? kick the alter boy in the jaw 
i lost my new underwear ... ... i only wore them briefly . 
if you throw away an ice sculpture , is it justice ? 
: turn that frown upside down : 
not everyone is able to fly ... but every toucan . 
twitter is my serious account , the funny one is my bank account . 
r . i . p water you will be mist ! 
i like restaurants because the people have to be nice and feed you . 
as a neat freak i'm only comfortable giving a girl a clean sanchez . 
what do magistrates have with their water ? just ice . 
i bought a designer body bag and now i'm scared to gain weight . 
have hope for the future , but maybe build a bomb shelter anyway . 
how did the soggy easter bunny dry himself ? with a hare dryer ! 
my phone keeps going missing serves me right for leaving it on airplane mode 
tifu by taking someone else's sandwich at the deli today oops ... wrong sub 
yo mama's so fat , even dora cannot explore her ! 
at lunch with 5 of my bestest phones ! ! ! 
all rooms are panic rooms if there is no iphone charger 
that awkward moment when the garbage goes out more than you . 
bravo , oscar , oscar , bravo , sierra 
how can you tell when a politician is lying ? when their lips move 
if i agreed with you we'd both be wrong . 
justice prevail for morons 
what is an arabs favorite fighting technique ? hijab 
my favorite genre on netflix is " watch it again " 
who loves debates ? de fishes 
why don't the dutch have a space program ? their spaceships netherland . 
what is sherlock's favorite season ? fall ... 
stevie wonder just got divorced . bet he didn't see that one coming . 
who is the easter bunny's favourite movie actor ? rabbit de niro ! 
comedy is all about timing , timing , and 
q : who writes ghost stories ? a : a ghost writer . 
i cannot walk on water , but i can wobble on whisky . 
have you guys tried wookie meat ? i heard that it's a little chewy 
don't mess with muslins ... they have short fuses . 
i'm on a whiskey diet i've lost three days already . 
how do you look for will smith ? look for fresh prints 
i would never exaggerate ... ... in a million years . 
you ordered your steak rare ? ! well done . 
what is hard to get from straight men ? straight answers about relationships . 
report - sharks have difficulty finding work 51 weeks every year . 
i had my first date last night ! such an underrated fruit . 
" ladies and gents . " that concludes our tour of the toilets . 
i can't believe carotene is still in its beta phase . 
you're a special combination of disappointment , and what the fcuk ! ? 
i always carry a jellyfish in case i need to pee on someone . 
i lost my voice so basically i'm every mans dream girl right now . 
donald trump admitted today that he contracted an std . he has hairpiece . 
mayweather goes 48 - 0 49 - 0 if you count his wife 
latest election news : donald trump narrowly leads hillary clinton by 4 lies . 
breaking : popeye expresses outrage as pope goes to mount olive 
you never know what you've got until ... you clean your room . 
let's spend the rest of our next 5 to 7 years together . 
your momma so stupid she got locked in a groceiry store and starved . 
the world is full of people who just need to hug a cactus . 
where do weeaboos holiday ? kawaii 
i'm studying feminism at my university it basically covers different periods in history . 
meet the female version of thor whor 
procrastination - making a better today , tomorrow 
you've got to really be careful when ingesting shoes ... cause they're usually laced 
comment your best recent that's what she said jokes of recent life situations 
all i want is a gummy bear that's the size of a grizzly . 
after a lot of deliberation i've decided communism isn't right ... it's left 
a few women sit at a table quietly ... 
stop being racist to kettles . 
i made an appointment but it was cancelled . it was ... disappointing . 
what type of stories do cocaine addicts write ? snort stories 
life with me is like a roller coaster . there's a weight limit . 
i hate math . . i'll give you a number of reasons why ! 
brobbits before hobbits 
the shovel was a ground - breaking invention . 
i've dated so many tools i could open a home depot 
i'm either tired or hungry at all times . often both . 
so jlo has a new movie in theaters ? hasn't she had enough ? 
bottom line : parenting interferes with my ability to be lazy . 
women are temperamental . that's 90 temper and 10 mental . 
you're so ugly that your mustache is thicker then my dads 
i would rate my skill at psychic abilitys ... medium . 
" count your blessings . then count them again . " - ocd optimist 
what time do werewolf cowboys have a shootout ? high moon ! 
can't sleep . just miss circuit city a lot right now . 
i watch " 2 girls , 1 cup " for the articles . 
it's way more acceptable to be fat if you have an suv . 
why did god put the ring on saturn ? because he liked it . 
who does luke skywalker ask to charge his lightsaber ? char - jar binks 
when cows jump over barbed wire fences ... . there is udder destruction ! 
do you think my parents divorced because i'm too handsome like they said 
who says love is dead ? necrophiliacs 
what goes cackle cackle squelch squelch ? a witch in soggy trainers . 
stop taking my book seriously - god 
don't ever forget the l if you ever google - grandfather clock 
what's the final step before a sorority girl gets initiated ? basic training 
who are a fat person's two best friends ben and jerry . 
how did horses get to america in the 1700's ? on the hayflower ! 
why do sandwich fillings look weird ? cos they're in bread 
my gardener is completely incompetent he keeps soiling himself 
maybe this lady is trying to perpendicular park . 
what animal spins around about 200 times after it dies ? a rotisserie chicken 
why are juggalos obsessed with hatchets ? felons can't buy guns 
i support farming and math ... i'm pro - tractor . 
the word twice is so good they named it twice . 
what game show do pickles play ? dill or no dill 
i'm opening a canadian - russian fusion restaurant ... it's called vladimir poutine . 
why were the strawberries sad ? because their mother was in a jam ! 
some call it alcoholism , i call it " keeping my emotions hydrated " 
* spits out coffee * verb is a noun 
is my ambition to be a plumber just a pipe dream ? 
my alarm clock is clearly jealous of my amazing relationship with my bed . 
i could never commit suicide i just couldn't live with it ... 
what do cats and menstruating girls have in common ? both on the rag 
when your ipod stops working , it floats . because it doesn't sync . 
this apple tastes terrible . it must be the way i'm holding it . 
i work out at the same time every day ... tomorrow . 
what do you call an alcoholic with parkinson's ? shakespeare say it out loud 
my secret ingredient is letting somebody else cook . 
how you can draw a muhammad every day wipe ! 
fdr hates cripple humor he can't stand it 
what's the plural form of the word " anecdote " ? data 
why does batman think so highly about himself ? bruce wayne . 
can't even imagine how many delicious recipes get exchanged during the football huddle 
what are caterpillars afraid of ? * * dog * * erpillars ! 
terrorist jokes are a good way to make karma they always blow up . 
what goes zzub zzub ? a bee flying backwards ! 
what dogs never get lost ? newfound - lands ! 
what is the average math teacher like ? mean . 
sometimes , i wake up grumpy ... but usually i let him sleep . 
babies are terrible at running their own small businesses . 
kayne west knocked up kim kardashian no punchline needed . 
i consider myself very decisive . . i guess . 
first rule of double entendre club is please let us know if you're coming 
what's the fastest form of bread ? scone . 
why is reddit different from facebook ? removed 
my ex - wife was like a box of chocolate everyone got a piece 
i used to date a moonshiner's daughter ... she always made me lick her 
your mama is so poor she voted for bernie sanders ! bern ! 
which book makes prudish gorillas blush ? the naked ape ! 
what did the pirate louis riel say to the villagers ? yarrrrrrr metis ! 
begin this thing doesn't or end yoda's lost last words . 
i hate jokes about strings . come on guys they're knot funny . 
what do spanish canadians put on their tacos ? pork , eh ? 
yolo doesn't work for cats . 
my boyfriend is so cute i decided to get another . 
bill and ted happen upon 20 fine young ladies ... score ! 
what do you call a group of dead geologists ? mineral spirits 
tickle me elmo was recalled they forgot to give him two test tickles . 
i went on a geology diet recently i lost a stone 
feminist are like sleeper agents both have trigger words . 
you know who'd make a good hobbit ? elijah would . 
i haven't drawn in so long that i'm feeling sketchy 
where did the coffee bean find his soul mate ? grinder thanks , ellen 
a karmawhoring terrorist browses reddit ... edit : this post blew up ! 
why do vampires hate arguments ? because they make themselves cross . 
i don't trust left handed people they're never right 
working for kotex would actually be a logical way to pad your resume . 
why are football players never asked for dinner ? because they're always dribbling ! 
shout out to ... everyone who doesn't know the opposite of in . 
tifu by posting a joke online ... you had already reddit . 
old joke i can dodge a ford , but can't afford a dodge ... 
what do feminists search for on scavenger hunts ? reasons to be offended . 
we've all been there . in your mom , that is . 
yo mama so fat she eats wheat thicks . 
yo mama so stupid anti - joke that she failed her iq test 
if life has taught me anything , it's that browser history repeats itself . 
do you know why its called pms ? cause mad cow was taken 
so i was drinking this vampire's blood the other day it was irony . 
news : trump inauguration met with record high temperatures . 451 degrees fahrenheit . 
* gets divorced * * deletes actress from linkedin profile * 
why did lieutenant uhura smell bad ? ... because william shatner 
what's a star trek fans favourite drink ? picardi and kirk 
jared likes his women like he likes his sandwiches 6 and 12 
a marijuana plantation was set on fire witnesses claim a dragon is responsible . 
how often do you hear element jokes on reddit ? periodically ! 
oceanography is all about current events 
i'm only good at math when i'm adding insult to injury . 
if you think your child is annoying , imagine what i think . 
what is a surfer guy's favorite horror movie ? saw duude ! 
deez nutz he really has it in the bag . 
whats george zimmerman's favorite song ? blame it on the night 
* invents silent snack packages . * becomes president of the united states . 
when i was 15 i was raising a tamogochi , not a baby . 
nsa joke i always said president obama bugged me . 
why isn't christmas spelled christmals ? because noel . 
they serve free coffee at my office it's one of the perks . 
i'm sorry co2 , but i'm leaving you you're suffocating me ! 
starcraft : why did the marine vote for the dragoon ? he was protoss 
why did 6 break up with 7 ? because 7 ate 9 out 
i like my jokes on r jokes like my daily routine ... repeated daily 
thoughts and prayers to all the bros on instagram who can't afford shirts 
why did no one notice thor's brother ? because he was low - key 
moisten thyself and wait for me in the westernmost grunting shed 
the last contango in paris commodities exchange . 
right now , somewhere in china , someone is wokking their dog 
the new drum by major headache 
i almost bruised myself yesterday it was a missed ache 
which religion breeds terrorism the most ? not islam 
which course did hillary clinton select when playing mario kart ? the short circuit 
" what's the difference between you and i ? " about 12 letters 
lil wayne is like if a doctor's handwriting came to life . 
everyone was dreaming of working for steve jobs except his pancreas 
why was the little martian sad ? curiosity killed his cat . 
i'm so tilted my slope is undefined 
what did trump say to the human cannonball ? you'rr re fired ! 
drinking a beer is great , but opening another one is awesome . 
everyone complains about immigration until they're searching the city for a decent taco . 
what was the poltergeist arrested for at the campground ? possession within tent 
i was born half female ... you see , my mum was one . 
this is circular logic because this is circular logic . 
i've been exaggerating ... ... since 1744 . 
my girlfriend is like my iphone 6 i don't have an iphone 6 
what's worse than lobsters on your piano ? syphilis 
what happened to the two gladiator olives ? they were pitted against each other 
kids these days sure do love taking pictures of mirrors . 
what do you call shaving a crazy sheep ? shear madness . 
why does the vanu sovereignty hate plastic bags ? they keep terran . 
a mathematician walks into a pizza bar and orders one pi he receives two 
why did hitler lose wwii ? he did nazi it coming 
what was the baseball score when ethiopia played africa ... . . ate nothing 
what if adele was calling from inside the house ? ! 
the benefits of being masochistic what doesn't kill you makes you longer 
no , i haven't lost weight but " spanx " for asking . 
crocs are the most effective birth control . 
why was george washington buried on mount vernon ? because he was dead ! 
why was the cotton candy singing ? grandma , hush , that's nicki minaj 
snooker if pink is covered by red , go for the brown . 
computers make very fast very accurate mistakes . 
two men walk into a bar well that wasn't very smart 
why was the photographer arested ? indecent exposure . 
where are things that are very average produced ? the satis - factory . 
pandas are proof that you can get fat from just eating salad . 
what was snoop dogg's ghost arrested for ? possesion . 
never bang someone old enough to be your mom especially if you were adopted 
my subscription brings all the newspapers to the yard . 
did you read that story on r news ? removed 
someday i'd like to meet the tiny creature piloting vin diesel's body . 
how does an alcoholic teach the abc's to their children ? backwards . 
how to tell if your house is haunted ... ... it isn't . 
i sold my vacuum cleaner today . . it was only collecting dust . 
what if the blair witch was just lonely 
the rock is going to have a kid , which they'll name pebbles . 
i slipped on ice and discovered i'm a natural at break dancing 
excuse me , waiter . is my order almost ready to instagram ? 
what kind of fruit never leaves the bowl . cantaloupe 
what score did lenin get on his exam paper ? ... full marx 
i got a trophy wife but it was for participation 
nothing brings neighbors together , like a broken elevator . 
there's nothing scarier then a mosquito coming out of magic johnson's house 
what is an i . t teachers favourite drink ? icy - tea 
who was mobutu's father ? mobu one 
americans ! chasing the american dream doesn't count as exercise . 
anthropology it'll get you laid , but it won't get you paid . 
eating just one animal cracker is impossible . the entire herd must go . 
i may be nodding and smiling , but i'm secretly diagnosing you . 
kung fu for beginners by flora mugga 
knock knock ! who's there ... no one because you have no friends . 
we can find water on mars but we can't something completely unrelated ? 
you know who's really upset about romney losing ? wire coat hanger manufacturers . 
a good joke is like a kid with cancer they never get old . 
what's it called when you're secretly a norse god ? you're low key loki 
what kind of container is appropriate for noble gases ? an innertube . 
what is hitlers favorite yugio card ? the blue eyes white dragon 
that girl from the exorcist was a real head turner 
which nba team likes mcdonald's the most ? denver nuggets 
i wish humans were as excited to meet each other as dogs 
why do feminist hate the bible ? because it ends with a - men 
the s should be silent in scrapbooking . 
never underestimate the power of the web . - charlotte 
where in eastern europe does justin timberlake like to kayaking ? crimea river 
best joke ever your karma score . 
my wife called me crazy ... called 
what are your most hilarious jokes if you dont know your opposite person ? 
going to open a vietnamese restaurant and name it viet nom nom nom . 
hear about that guy who overdosed on viagra ? his wife died . 
why did the peadophile sign up for netflix ? he liked chillin . 
yo mama so old she has a picture of moses in her yearbook . 
facebook : making relationship's look better then they actually are since 2005 
it's not herpes ... they're called genital cold sores 
i knock some sense into people with a hammer . 
where did neanderthals get their chicken wings ? cave - fc 
i would like to congratulate amy winehouse on almost 4 years of sobriety . 
how do i know sarah's a vegetarian ? because i've me herbivore . 
to err is human but to really mess things up requires a computer . 
a bottle of cyanide labeled ghost pills 
what kind of murderer has moral fiber ? a cereal killer . 
what do farmers give their wives on valentine's day ? hog and kisses ! 
a long joke jooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooke 
what do fish smoke ? seewead 
how did the calf's final exam turn out ? grade a ! 
where do martians drink beer ? at a mars bar ! 
my minivan has this cool anti - theft system called its a minivan 
my friend was telling animal puns i thought they were boaring . 
if oprah took over favstar , everyone would get a trophy . 
taking vocabulary to a whole new thingy 
sometimes i feel like people are just using me for my likes . 
what's the first letter of the canadian alphabet , eh ? 
so i just flew in from cleveland and boy are my arms tired . 
my king , the peasants are revolting ! i know , they're disgusting . 
nfl no fingers left 
what do white girls celebrate on december 25th ? christmaaaaaaaaas 
i can't believe my computer has the audacity to edit audio 
whats the difference between bob marley and heracles ? heracles beat cancer 
what do you call an ion that also raps ? fluoride , duh . 
apple is reinventing the wheel . it's going to be revolutionary ! 
i enjoy long romantic walks to the fridge . 
chromebooks . 
i will never miss you , because i'm a really good shooter . 
what does a musician use to build a house ? a tuba - four 
what's one thing lance armstrong can still make money from ? liestrong bracelets . 
always wear clean underwear , in case you are abducted by aliens 
i would say i'm pretty indecisive ... well actually maybe not 
and the oscar goes to ... jail . 
the best revenge is living well , unless you own a flamethrower . 
what sort of undergarments does a succinct pugilist wear ? boxer briefs ! 
what do you call the 72 virgins that allah gave isis ? goats 
what's an epileptic man's least favorite element ? cesium . 
tape is so anti social it likes to stick to itself . 
nobody's phone is ever off . they're lying . 
how can you tell if you have amnesia ? what was the question ? 
do you want to earn ? yes , three dollars ! 
what is written on ronald mcdonald's gravestone ? mcrip 
if you ever come across a fork in the road pick it up 
what does a flying rabbit has on his back ? an eagle 
what do you call a pachyderm that sings jazz ? elephants gerald 
finally tried viagra , ... damn near broke my hand ! 
listing all my single socks on match . com . 
confucius say ... baseball is wrong ! man with four balls cannot walk ! 
if anne hath a will , anne hathaway . 
cops in movies keeping guard outside hospital rooms have a 0 success rate . 
what was the pirate boxing champion known for ? his left hook . 
what is it called when the police work overtime ? copper nitrate . 
why do rednecks love sandwiches ? because they're inbred too . 
* reversing my car * ahh , this takes me back . 
what's tom brady's favorite type of chip ? cheat - ohs ! 
someone put six uneaten pastries in the trash because satan has many forms . 
columbia is the new miss universe 
sorry i replied " yikes " to your selfie . 
what's an old carpenter's biggest issue ? losing teeth . 
what does wonder woman call foreplay ? amazon prime . 
what kind of pennies come from japan ? jap - pennies 
how are dogs and addicts similar ? they both have paws 
when you clean a vacuum cleaner you become a vacuum cleaner 
if i were a dinosaur , i'd be a swagasaurus . 
i show sines of addiction to trigonometry ... 
what's the highest point in the ocean ? the marijuanas trench . 
how does an australian call his friend from the czech republic ? czechmate 
what discovery was the garden's mathematician excited about ? avocado's number ! 
can a ninja scale a wall in a single leap ? shuriken . 
five guys isn't the same when only 3 of them are working . 
spurs is the best football team ever . 
any tv can be a tv dinner if you eat tvs 
you are my fan because u blow me away . 
how does a sea urchin search the internet ? sea urchingine 
caution : cutting corners may lead to extra corners . 
why do most men not like aspirin ? because it's a cox blocker 
so today is earth day on what grounds are we celebrating ? 
toyota's solution for sticky gas pedal - shorten driver's right leg 
drunk me absolutely loves creating awkward encounters for sober me . 
chuck norris cannot love , he can only not kill . 
i just had a moment of clarity . glad that's over with . 
i support a woman's right to choose between the staircase and a coat hanger 
people keep telling me i'm beautiful . what vivid imaginations some people have . 
you know what's cool ? 0c 
what fruit can't be married by itself . cantaloupe 
what's the most racist fraction ? 3 5 
what do cows like to listen to ? moo - sic ! 
what do the police and pokemon have in common ? they gotta catch jamal 
how to tell if someone doesn't crossfit 
i won't help a customer with their problem until they've been completely dehumanized . 
funny jokes - lots of funny jokes 
what does the alchemist do to please his girlfriend ? elixir . 
you can't bait me . i'm the masturbator . 
if pot gets legalized what's to stop someone who wants to smoke a horse 
edward scissorhand's death was probably from running . 
i found the secret to r jokes ctrl c ctrl v 
what's your favorite position ? juxta 
what type of brain does a plant have ? a membrane 
an alzheimer's patient walks into bar ... to get to the other side . 
why is rosie o'do nell fat ? because she likes to eat out ! 
i just want someone to love me as much as sean penn loves haiti 
hey journey , i stopped believing . what now ? 
don't trust anyone that orders a medium pizza ... . 
when does a lawyer make coffee ? when he has sufficient grounds 
handicapped jokes are so cruel i can't stand them ! ! 
someone told me that you look like an owl . 
why did the marine park worker feel aimless ? because they lacked porpoises . 
in spanish ... it only takes one to tengo . 
say what you will about hitler , but the guy did kill hitler . 
prime day . 
my cat thinks any questions i ask him are rhetorical . 
what did edward snowden say when he bumped into barack obama ? pardon me 
why did the dog die ? it had barkinsons 
spoiler who is going to die in the new star wars ? some stormtrooper 
don't iron your four leaf clovers you don't want to press your luck . 
i heard a backwards symphony coming from beethoven's grave turns out he's decomposing 
what app do nervous ppl order on dates ? chicken tinders . 
you know which singer really cut the mustard ? celine dijon 
i'll stop being so lazy when being so lazy stops being so awesome . 
why was the middle aged computer sad ? he had a floppy disc . 
i wanted a painting that wouldn't get boring so i painted a mirror . 
i cant stop eating ice cream ... it's a rocky road to addiction . 
another calculus joke pun don't drink and derive ! 
* sets down half eaten bag of potato chips on the elliptical * 
a cauliflower is a plant explosion in extremeley slow motion 
what do you call a galloping musician ? ludvig van beethoofen . 
why does brendon rodgers hate twitter ? it only allows 140 characters 
homophobic means you're scared of your house . 
what can you hear but never see ? everything if you're stevie wonder 
don't get into an argument in an elevator it could escalate very quickly 
my girlfriend has her very own indian name ... . running late . 
what is the most masculine profession ? maleman 
earthquake just hit california ... too many liberals are literally shaking . 
i accidentally pushed 2 for spanish and the operator spoke perfect , fluent english 
one thing you should always look for in a woman . a pulse . 
people are like snowflakes : i can't talk to them . 
father o'fl annagan and the taxi driver 
what do you call it when a hobbit lives in the ghetto ? worcestershire 
why is ptsd like riding a bike ? you never forget 
what's a native's 2 favourite colours ? blue and blue light . 
you know the joke of the pearldiver ? blub blub gone he is 
where does a zookeeper hang his laundry ? on a clothes lion . 
dont't drink and drive , it's very ... whisky ! 
what is a man's most sensitive organ while masturbating ? his ears 
what does a haunted hamburger say ? mooooooooooooo 
" fiona , you up ? " - shrext . 
what type of wrists are the scariest ? terror wrists . 
what's gray and all around ? everything . i'm a dog . 
caught my ping smoking weed while playing online now it became high 
one things for sure , i can always count on my fingers . 
my girlfriend finally watched back to the future . it's about time . 
i take my wife everywhere ... and she still finds her way home 
" what else can we think about ? " - insomnia 
some of my best friends started out as bad choices . 
the first rule of running late club is get stuck behind a prius . 
pants ? you mean leg prisons ? 
sepp blatter being re - ellected 
how loud is john cena ? xdb 
i'd love to be a mayfly . but only for a day . 
what happened when rick fell down a hill ? rick rolled . 
france finally won a war ! too bad it was against lance armstrong . 
what is chris brown's favorite hobby ? oc beats me . 
why are friendzone'd guys always sick ? they suffer from m'la dies 
what kind of meat does the pope eat ? nun 
why are all satanists trypophobic ? they're grossed out by holy things . 
what did the astronaut see on his skillet ? unidentified frying flying objects . 
why did the dolphin commit suicide ? because his life had no porpoise 
how are redditors and nazis similar ? they both love gold trains . 
* gazes at laptop screen * avoids making eye contact with own reflection * 
how does a group of dolphin's make a decision ? flipper coin ! 
silence is golden ... but duct tape is silver . 
why do baptists have so many children ? they only use holy condoms . 
i don't want your candy , what i really want is your number . 
got a job at mcdonald's as a secret agent for the burger king . 
what's the best thing about alzheimer's ? you meet new people every day . 
who do grammar nazis hang out with now ? the alt - write . 
the ceo of comcast dies and goes to heaven ... 
what is tom brady's favorite opera ? deflatermaus ! die fledermaus ! 
my wife finally got a " brazilian " . he seems nice . 
why do so few people become botanists ? because of the stigma . 
why did hitler have so much energy ? he was on a cleanse . 
how do frat boys cut down trees ? with a sah , dude 
is your refrigerator running ? ... must've been made in france 
i heard going on the internet gives you dementia . who are you ? 
chuck norris did that to michael jackson's face . 
i've developed an app for dating children nearby . it's called kinder . 
confucius say woman with big balloons has high rise accommodation . 
why does vegan cheese taste bad ? it hasn't been tested on mice . 
really ? everybody was kung fu fighting ? 
somebody asked if i wanted some salt . i was like " naaaaa " 
why are a's like flowers ? because b's go after them ! 
this is where i draw the line ! ________________________________________________________ 
which book has the worst cliffhanger ? anne frank's diary 
giving a bear my power of attorney . 
what type of dog leaves a mark ? shar pei 
ugly women are like men they both have to work for a living . 
what is baltimore's favourite instrument the lute 
i am married to 4 different women and it's bigamy to admit it . 
what size lumber is used to build homes in dubai ? dubai fours 
it smells like updog in this sub . 
what do cows call frank sinatra ? old moo eyes ! 
4 out of 5 dentists agree my cousin sheila is remarkably ugly . 
what does it take for a beatles reunion ? two bullets . 
why would a dead girl lie ? because she can't stand up . 
what do you call someone with a successful life ? certainly not me . 
sorry i yelled killin it when your mom was eating that banana 
i have a fifth sense when it comes to smells . 
what gets less rain than the sahara desert ? the sun ! 
what do you call poultry that glows in the dark ? chicken kiev 
who has the best website in the jungle ? the onlion king . 
what kind of tree smells like bacon ? original ? a porcupine ! 
alcohol is not the answer but it is a solution 
where did the sick boat go to get a checkup ? the dock ! 
why was avogadro executed ? he was a mole 
hey , college students : it gets debtor . 
what do you call the rough parts of paris ? la ba - ghetto 
he's my french step dad ... i call him my faux pa . 
good health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die . 
what does a dentist do in his free time ? shoot lions . 
i heard this really funny joke about procastination i'll post it later 
everything is always funnier once you are not allowed to laugh . 
how does amazon mexico pay its employees ? in jeff pesos . 
romantic comedy about middle aged people playing tennis 40 - love 
what do you find inside a clean nose ? fingerprints 
have you ever wondered ? what it could be loike ? 
why did the military take over turkey ? to prove they were not chicken 
i hate when people don't finish jokes 
the sorting hat seems like bad hygienic practice . 
midterms and finals are like prayers to god . i never get answers . 
what is a fedora enthusiast's favorite cookie ? m'la no 
why don't people drink pig's milk ? because its a bit too sow ... 
whats the difference between hitler and stalin ? hitler hit . stalin stalled . 
jehovah's witnesses were the original pop - up ads . 
what do you call riot police in germany ? kraut control 
here , let me show you the proper way to micromanage . 
i like gravity ... it keeps me down to earth 
cereal is the sweatpants of food . 
trump donald trump - worlds biggist douche 
what is worse then sweat on olivia newton john ? come on eileen 
what do little sisters ride ? a nii - san 
and your 2015 miss universe is columbia ! - steve harvey 
recep kostak 
ladies , when it comes to stalking , i'm 100 behind you . 
- 1 23 it was delicious . 
where did buzz feed learn to click bait so well from ? me 
it's hard to eat pizza and feel angry at the same time . 
i put the whiskey in another room ... exercise regimen established . 
anonymous doesn't hack chuck norris chuck norris can't use a computer . 
folks call me a stillborn egg cause i'm never getting laid ! 
happy fourtho de mayo . 
use promo code netflix to get 50 off your grades . 
my gf begged me to stop singing linkin park i tried so hard . 
isn't calling soccer a sport like calling ru paul a woman ? 
you cannot glue a tomato back together with tomato paste believe me i've tried 
what does fun stand for ? some nights , i don't know . 
what kind of cancer was jar jar diagnosed with ? meesathelioma . 
i work for the united nations i have been un employed for a while 
fizzy drinks are soda - sgusting * bad dum tiss * 
why did the italian miss his dinner ? it'a was'a pasta his bed time 
what type of weed are you allowed to smoke during ramadan ? tajweed 
what fabric is mario's overalls ? denim denim denim . 
rabbit tv espn had the natonal spelling bee on there . 
i just bought a sewing machine i needed to get my sheet together 
i ate some bad greek food now i falafel . 
aquafina is spanish for " tap water in a plastic bottle " 
not going to try this again 
did hipster polar bears like the north pole ... before it was cool ? 
what does the bee santa claus say ? ho hum hum ! 
which purse runs from the law ? disburse ! 
i just established the five hour rule for tequila spilled on the floor . 
where will miley cyrus go when her showbiz career is over ? twerk 
the most semi - awesome vegetable is the rad - ish 
why can saint nicolas never be prosecuted ? because of the santa clause 
what did the cake say to the fat kid i am nutritious 
what state do the most math teachers come from ? mathachusits ! 
najib razak 
tug boats hate when their mom comes in their room without knocking . 
is that a nexus 6 or are you just happy to see me ? 
what's edward elric's favorite band ? my alchemical romance 
what did the cookie farmer say ? " i've been raisin cookies . " 
moths are the hobos of the insect world . 
man found dead in chicken coop . fowl play suspected . 
fedex and ups are merging . everyone is now fed - up 
chuck norris doesn't swim , water just likes to be around him 
no one ever gets my jokes about udp . 
what is a runner's favourite subject in school ? jog - raphy ! 
don't make fun of fat people they have enough on their plate . 
they sure don't make time machines like they're going to ! 
gardeners interesting fact : gardeners get to stay in their beds all day . 
you know who's even bigger than ariana grande ? ariana venti . 
santa came last night . oh god ... . it's everywhere : 
how do you reward a chicken journalist ? with a poulette surprise ! 
a " ramification " sounds a lot more fun than it actually is . 
what's irish and sits out all night ? patio furniture . 
how long can a frog hold its breath underwater ? until it croaks ... 
what do you call funny laboratory equipment ? a comical flask . 
" time is of the essence " twitter : hahaha nope 
how do you win a scandinavian race ? by crossing the finnish line ! 
what's worse than finding a worm in your apple ? world war ii . 
why don't we call it christlmas ? noel . 
i'd rather fly oceanic airlines than malaysia . 
everyone hates the word moist until they eat a very dry muffin . 
two reddit moderators walk into a bar removed 
warner brothers 2015 film schedule . 
what is a pokemon master's favorite kind of pasta ? wartortellini ! 
why does camping never get boring ? because it's in tents . 
what did mark antony say to van gogh ? lend me your ears 
why do comedians always ask such strange questions ? because they're telling jokes 
eye no howe too spiel 
we have enough gun control . what we need is idiot control . 
what is h . p . lovecraft's cook book called ? the necronomnomnomicon . 
memo to life : fewer lemons . more cherries . thanks ! 
what did they call taxi drivers in nazi germany ? ubermensch . 
what does a cannibal bring to a barbecue ? oc brats ! 
feel the bern ? oh , i'm feeling it right about now . 
i'm basically just waiting to eat again . 
what has only one arm and can't swim ? an excavator . 
women and rocks are a lot alike . we skip the flat ones . 
my friend told me a holocaust joke anne frankly i didn't like it . 
ice bucket challenge fail french 2014 
would a charming vampire be a neck - romancer ? 
what kind of cancer does an amnesiac oncologist diagnose ? adenocarcinoma 
dating tip : surprise your date by being a giraffe 
no matter the medium , a well done burger joke is rare 
a complete list of movie roles turned down by nicolas cage : 
what time do germans leave their dentist appointments ? 2 : 39 
what do you call 99 of r politics ? bernd - wagoners ! 
why are alabama weddings so small ? they've only gotta invite one family 
what word is always spelled wrong ? wrong 
i'm not seeing " cat herder " on any of these job websites . 
long jokes ... are never well received by members of the wang clan . 
i'm going out with two anorexic girls , two birds , one stone 
why are outdoor workers so in fit ? cause they work out . 
security frantically searching my pockets not realizing i'm stealing the trench coat 
my bucket list . 1 . buy bucket . 
did you hear how argentina lost the game ? heard it was pretty messi 
how do you make spider - man cry ? cook him some uncle ben's 
i tried water polo but ... . 
uncensored cartoons funny cartoon but not appropriate for kids 
if europe uses euros shouldn't africa use afros ? 
why is epsilon afraid of zeta ? because zeta eta theta 
the average life expectancy for a human being is one life . 
tuesday , aka monday 2 . 0 
marriage : when hanging out goes way too far . 
do blind people believe in love at first hear ? 
she : i love kids he : i love the process 
what is napoleon dynamite's favorite tv dinner ? tot pockets 
only 350 more followers until i casually mention the benefits of amway . 
cheese isn't just grate , it's legendairy . 
whats up r jokes ? not march . 
there better be a martial arts tournament in australia called mortal wombat 
i try contributing to society but it keeps insisting i take it back . 
how do you know that carrots are good for your eyesight ? 
i'm sorry , everyone who wrote stay cool in my yearbooks 
how do cannibals pick up women ? with a fork 
the moments i'm not eating are somewhat torturous . 
how did the swordsman keep annoying r jokes ? constant ripostes . 
what batteries do turtles use ? durashells 
my facebook movie is okay , but the book was better . 
if you hate crime ... is that a hate crime ? 
what do you put in a box to make it lighter ? courtney love 
raisins are like tiny senior citizens you can eat . 
gripe sheet fun - a must read 
i won't be impressed with science until i can download a waffle . 
does your girlfriend have 67 protons ? i've heard she's a ho . 
the giant panda is no longer endangered ... it's now extinct 
why didn't the bride and groom exchange their wedding vows ? tl dr 
driving through a tunnel isn't much fun . it's really just a bore . 
what's the one kind of marriage that's still frowned upon in alabama ? interracial 
how do you get a frog out of a paper bag ? ripit 
* smashes bag of oreos * pours on top of salad 
luke skywalker uses the force . the force uses chuck norris . 
what do tight jeans and a cheap hotel have in common ? no ballroom 
intellectual property carpe tm . 
quitting tobacco is not that hard i do it several times a year 
i cleaned my fan today the difference it made just blew me away ... 
before twitter i had to disappoint people in person . 
where does a bee put its stinger ? in its honey 
why don't elephants like penguins ? because they can't get the wrapper off . 
happy groundhog day , everyone ! 
fishing is like girls neither care about size when they're sleeping 
sheep jokes are baad . 
why did the cynic fall asleep ? because he had a bed day . 
hey we don't serve tachyons here ! a tachyon walks into a bar 
seneca falls 
i don't love being single but i do love being happy . 
what do kings call musical chairs ? a game of thrones . 
does anybody know how can i send an enemy request on facebook ? 
the punchline did i ruin this joke ? 
what kind of bees hum and drop things ? a fumble bee ! 
why did hitler go to sea world ? to see adolphin ! 
donald trump and hillary clinton run for president . who loses ? america . 
breaking news paula deen's snack mix now contains " brazil nuts " 
why couldn't the orphan watch the movie ? because it was pg 
my wife says i'm irresponsible with money ! no change there then . 
somebody needs to wake up green day it's october 1st 
a man like me is hard to find . i trim maze hedges . 
my neighbors look so happy . we can fix that . 
it's called courting because you will need lawyers later . 
what's your favorite genre of music ? " not metal . " 
so , we tip the pizza delivery guy , but not ambulance drivers . 
it's not stealing tweets if you believe in recycling . 
germany vs brazil guess we can say it wasn't even klose . 
when your wife says " it's up to you " , it's not . 
what bible verse keeps every student going ? lunch 11 : 35 . 
i just got back from a bulimic disco the place was heaving ! 
i didn't know about reddit in college that's how i graduated 
don't try this at home . if homeless , go for it ! 
please , frankenstein was my creator's name call me the monster 
i just learned avicii is a singer and not roman numerals for 1952 . 
why can't sean connery read november ? because he hasn't read october . 
what's the difference between dads and boomerangs ? the boomerangs always come back . 
where do male army priests live ? on chap lane . 
why does bernie sanders use snapchat ? damn e - mails ! 
what's hitler's favorite part of a golf course ? the bunker 
epilepsy joke what is blue and does not fit ? a dead epileptic . 
who is always your friend at school ? your princi - pal . 
why shouldn't you argue with a 90 degree angle ? it's always right . 
what's your stance on public intoxication ? mine is very wobbly . 
what did the seaweed say when it was in trouble ? kelp me ! 
i put my grandma on speed dial . . i call that instagram 
the mets got royally screwed ... . 
people with epilepsy see the opportunity and they seize in it . 
what's the best time to buy a bird ? when it goes cheep ! 
* tweet gets 3 rts * please no autographs 
honey , your skirt is so short that your std is showing . 
i only work because it feels so good when i stop . 
why can't casper have kids ? cause he has a halloweenie 
why can't you hear a pterodactyl using the restroom ? because they're extinct 
kanye west can't wait to be the best man at his wedding . 
what do you give an elephant with big feet ? plenty of room ! 
does r jokes know any good braces jokes puns ? 
what do romans say when their wives run away ? caesar ! 
plot twist standing next to my stalkers bed watching him sleep 
i have no super powers . i'm guessing i'm the villain . 
what does an angry sheep say in battle ? fus ro baaaaaaaa . 
my body is well defined . look up the word " flabby " . 
the current state of the canadian economy . this is r jokes right ? 
what is it called when someone overdoses on ecstasy ? kill - joy 
facebook taught me to mind everyone else's business . 
i memorize presidential candidate speeches and hillary's is hardest to get down pac 
jesus fed 5000 people with one fish . holy mackerel . 
i once had a voice like justin bieber . then i turned 4 . 
" let's walk over there " " ok " - couple a cows 
what did the octopus make for desert ? ... octopie 
what is hitler's favorite video game ? grand theft otto 
what's the most popular contraceptive in israel ? iron condome 
the most well known activist in the bee community is bill cause bee . 
the detective who was the first electricity detective ? sherlock ohms 
sportscenter , episode 542783747363467367984768474756431063389425993399064375493638386747899532689432462567953467347 : men talking animatedly . 
what do you call a conservative toothbrush that won't shut up ? brush limbaugh 
which baldwin went to school ? the smart alec . 
who is the gorillas favourite president of recent years ? hairy truman ! 
she wants to share a facebook account ? run . 
how do you stop a nuclear bomb from squeaking ... ? ... wmd40 . 
this week is frankenstein's birthday surely he'll throw a monster party 
tifu and by i , i mean ellen pao . 
suicide bombers they're a dying breed . 
" stuff that alligator in that dolphin " - god creating sharks 
what does a necrophiliac have when he is turned on ? mourning wood 
my dermatologist makes 60 a pop ! 
which is the most religious vegetable ? the pope - tato 
bad joke did someone say pretzels ? yes , you just did 
why was the computer programmer single ? because he couldn't commit . 
why are reebok pumps shoes so expensive ? inflation . 
if you want to stop a bad habit ... eat a cyanide capsule 
i can't remember a time i wasn't waiting for my next meal to start 
who was the chicken's favorite musician ? baaaach bach bach bach 
zeroing a scale is a tare - able decision . . . i'm sorry 
what pokemon spys on you while he has a cold ? peek achoo ! 
it's hard being a single mother if you're a teenage boy without kids 
what is the most recycled joke that keeps getting used ? your mom . 
what nationality has the easiest time learning sign language ? italians . 
* closes app . immediately reopens the same app * 
give em an enchilada , they'll take a milechilada . 
my jokes aren't bad people i tell them to are just laughtose intolerant 
shut up laundry . nobody wants to do you . 
why is it hard dating an astronaut ? because they have space issues . 
what is a power adapter's favorite rock band ? ac dc 
why don't mountains get cold in the winter ? they wear snowcaps . 
what is a catchy girl's name ? answer : annette 
what do you call a pickle that always has the same routine typickle ! 
thou shalt not commit adulthood 
dandelions are just like regular lions , except they wear ascots . 
what's a nice girl like you doing in a dirty mind like mine ? 
i bet melania trump really regrets buying a speech off craigslist now . 
why couldn't the dinosaur cross the road ? there were no roads ! 
are all nascar fans fat with goatee's or is that just the women ? 
what is green and flying over poland ? peter panski 
i got a pet hyena because someone has to laugh at my tweets ... 
when pigs get a toothache who do they see ? painless porker . 
her cup size will determine how long the hug will last ! 
why are men like paper cups ? they're disposable 
bill gates is so rich ... he hired cancer to kill steve jobs . 
how do you make 3 million in 48 seconds ? ask ronda rousey ! 
i just don't have enough middle fingers for today . 
whats worst than a super long joke ? a short one with no punchline 
girl with small feet ? will do great in kitchen 
what would bart simpson's first steam game be ? d'oh - ta 2 
what is lil wayne's favorite food ? caesar salad 
what makes for a good first date ? not movies 
alzheimer's joke not sure if repost 
barack obama . 
i've hated dentists way before they started killing lions . 
a couple who are silly together stay together . 
what's the most dangerous thing in your freezer ? ice is . 
is this love ? by midas wellbee 
why couldn't the whistleblower step outside ? because it's snowden . 
winnie the pooh just died . i know , its hard to bear 
pretty girls with ugly laughs : nature's way of preserving the balance 
how do buddhist monks send emails ? they remove all attachments . 
why should you always invite mushrooms to your parties ? they're fun guys ! 
what do you call spanish suicide squad ? homicide hombres 
you have the body of a god ... ... too bad its a buddha 
so a trump supporter entered into a logical debate ... lol 
muppets cannot die and nobody else seems to be worried about this 
the dyslexic pregnant virgin said it was an act of dog . 
why would boxers make good comedians ? because they always have a punchline 
which woman has jesus as a nephew ? the auntie christ . 
apparently kanye dropped a new album on an obscure platform . torrent . 
barbie sets an unrealistic ideal for young girls . women can't be doctors . 
what's stephen hawking's favorite meal ? his shoulder . 
i wish i was a pepper so i could be jalapeno business 
how do you start an african rave ? staple toast to the ceiling ... 
he stuck it in the wrong whole http : imgur . com v7qxo87 
i hit a milestone today and now my fist really hurts . 
what do you hear when bill cosby walks into the room ? zzzzip 
bought a sled on sale in boston got a real tobahgain . 
what's the turkish version of court packing ? turkey stuffing 
i put my phone on airplane mode and now i can't find it ... 
behind every engineer in jail ... . is an architect . 
* makes transformer sound effects while i put my makeup on * 
what did the band consisting only of postmen call itself ? vanmailen . 
how do you spell " laughing out loud " by using binary ? 1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1o1 
why do writers always feel cold ? because they are surrounded by drafts ! 
i guess stephen hawking tried stand - up comedy recently he failed miserably . 
we should stop making racist jokes ... ... enough of dark humour . 
puns aren't funny . they're punny . 
not to sound like a broken record , but moooon rivrivrivrivriver . 
why do batteries feel lonely ? because they are never included in anything . 
girl you remind me of a ... insert insult here 
why did the letter arrive wet ? because it had postage dew . 
what do you call a sasquatch that is never on time ? not yeti 
friends only its dogs but instead of claps in the theme song , barks 
" all lower case ? " - your mom getting an email address 
why do redditors hate ellen pao as ceo ? it was the wong choice 
what's a ghosts favorite ride at the carnival ? the roller ghosted . 
you think italians encourage amnesia ? forget about it ! 
what does disappointment feel like ? deleted 
feet are legends 
the award for best x - man goes to ... caitlyn jenner . 
how did one tire get the attention of another tire ? pssssssssssst 
pretty sure brazil has an enormous wax museum . 
where do you find red eyed rodents ? hamsterdam ! 
attention children : mom is closed . 
you are my methods . i am nothing without you . 
just put my money where my mouth is . pennies taste disgusting . 
i'm naming my kid johncena because he was unexpected 
nobody gracefully gets out of a beanbag chair . 
what's 668 ? the neighbor of the beast . 
a beer walks into a bar and gets drunk : d 
911 : what is your emergency ? me : he read but didn't reply 
why is the doctor an excellent chef ? he's a thyme lord 
my uncle was a weird man ... artificial legs ... . real feet 
why do suicide bombers have 72 virgins ? one for each chunk . 
why did the premature ejaculator cross the ro ... never mind . 
where does santa keep his nuts ? in his nutsack ... 
i ran the dishwasher today , but i couldnt keep up . 
what was the greatest accomplishment of the early romans ? speaking latin ! 
that's it ! q o poq nq i sl s s 
so i heard tiger woods changed his name . . to cheetah 
i don't usually post on this sub , so here goes nothing ... 
i'm thinking of giving away my broken marionette . no strings attached 
how do you get to shepherds bush ? up the shepherd's leg ! 
three drums and a cymbal rolled down a hill ba dum dum ching 
stubhub should really be a place where single amputees meet . 
having no clue about human anatomy is my achilles elbow . 
what do you call 5 people sitting in two rows ? tetris 
til : 64 of statistics are made up 
i accidentally got my mom prego ... : she wanted ragu . 
what is the kkk's favorite soup ? clan chowder 
do people who bring bikes on the subway know about riding bikes ? 
gold , frankincense , but wait ... there's myrhh 
you can't face the problems , if the problem is your face . 
what's a neckbeard's favorite country ? m'la ysia 
teachers be like ... that is improper grammar ! 
have you tried locking him in your trunk ? 
rest in peace boiled water you will be mist . 
55378008 calculator 
just because nobody complains doesn't mean all parachutes are perfect . 
are jokes about islam funny ? absolutely , they're a blast . 
scariest thing ever : when a kid sings a nursery rhyme really slow . 
it's that time of year . can't stop eating cornucopias . 
* looks up from phone * ... nah * looks back down * 
the overspray from my windshield washer fluid just totaled a smart car . 
which dinosaur named all the others ? the thesaurus 
why is tumblr so unhealthy ? it's full of trans fats . 
what happens on the first date with bill cosby ? i don't remember 
why didn't pinocchio make it thru puberty ? he caught on fire . 
in canada , every board game is called " sorry ! " 
what do computers eat for snacks ? micro - chips . 
eating clocks is probably the most time consuming thing you could ever do . 
went gluten - free and already lost 15 friends in the first week ! 
what is in a virgin candy bar ? cherries and nuts 
doctor doctor i keep thinking i'm a caterpillar don't worry you'll soon change ! 
why didn't bungie stick with halo ? because it wasn't their destiny . 
what's a stoner's favorite body of water ? the t . h . sea 
what would donald trump do to nuclear weapons ? he fires them ! 
what do you call a factory that produces quality goods ? a satisfactory 
how does james bond type e - mails ? with his goldfinger . 
how do you lead a horse to water ? with carrots 
why was luke skywalker late ? he didn't run , ewok - ed . 
why is the symbols row of my keyboard swearing at me 
my dad is a real family man . he has three of them 
russia's most prolific musician ? john lenin 
a fake id that says you're only 14 so you can get cheaper buffets 
baby i'm no weather man but you can expect a few inches tonight 
what do you call the queue to alcatraz ? alkaline 
what's the only painful car rental company ? hertz . 
dude , multiplication is like advanced adding . 
want to know where to find the worst pun in alberta ? call gary 
why do australians always win 4d chess ? double check , mate 
what does december have that other months dont have ? the letter d . 
why was pavlov's hair so soft ? because he conditioned it . 
what was anne frank's middle name ? ashley 
everyone have a good friday ! ... i'll show myself out 
i opened the window ... and influenza . 
there's two things i hate in this world racism , and the french 
i am bored . anyone need anything avenged ? 
accidentally ordered a large coke from mcdonalds . my smart car tipped over 
how an illuminati living in the arctic is called ? an igloominati 
70's kids won't get this ... social security benefits - 50's kids 
stay away from this guy ! ! ! 
why are hurricanes named after girls . because there not himicanes 
replaceacelebwithahouseholditem nail patrick harris 
raising awareness : pinatas create unhealthy expectations of levitating rainbow donkeys . 
why do feminists hate medusa ? she's always objectifying people . 
shark week is just a holiday invented by the underwater camera industry . 
how do programmers get a sixpack ? int abs new int 2 3 
how did the pilot like his hotdog ? plane . 
don't call it traditional marriage if it doesn't improve relations with neighboring fiefdoms 
my relationship with the time traveling girl was over before it began . 
together , i can beat schizophrenia . 
why was the illegal immigrant so offensive ? because he crossed the line 
i'm writing a swiss novel but there's a lot of plot holes . 
i'm dyslexic and wanted to write santa but satan showed up . 
i started a merkabah business . it really took off . 
you don't love me ? don't worry , the first step is denial . 
a horse hiking in deep space . star trek : deep space neigh . 
shades by gucci , shirt by dolce gabbana , face by douchebag . 
how did the blind priest find the choir boys ? satisfying . 
did you hear about my time machine ? i sold it next week 
i feel sorry for melons ... they cantaloupe ! 
why are constipated people so rude ? they don't give a crap 
i never question my sanity , i'm afraid it will answer back . 
i've considered shaving off my beard but it's starting to grow on me 
what is donald trump's favorite christmas song ? i'm dreaming of a white christmas 
what do horses hope for on election day ? a stable economy 
remember when you blew bubbles as a kid he called to say hello . 
i got a job installing security systems ... i find it pretty alarming 
i'm crowd funding an organic lettuce purchase from whole foods . 
chuck norris doesn't get wet , water gets chuck norrised 
see no evil , hear no evil , date no evil . 
how many people does it take to start a riot ? - 3 5 
livin la vida broka 
what is hitler's least favorite letter ? the gas bill . 
what's the funniest joke that doesn't reference itself ? clearly not this one ! 
i take issue with people stealing magazines . 
i for one is something you might do if you had a broken keyboard 
knock knock ! who's there ? to to who * to whom kill yourself 
hahaha ... sorry ... . dont hate me donald trump ... . enough said 
where do some popes get their vestments ? urban outfitters 
they should make it slightly less easy to ruin everything . 
what does darth vader identify as on tumblr ? ana - kin 
kim davis's daughter was fired by the spca she wouldn't feed the strays 
jared from subway what's jared's favorite sub ? a junior with meatballs ! 
what do you call 2 chainz on steroids ? 2 - gainz 
nobody in this neighborhood ever got along until we all hated your rooster . 
a man was arrested standing next to his homie coz it was homie side 
before the internet , it was way harder to google stuff 
how did colonel sanders take over the chicken market ? a coup . 
what's the difference between trump and clinton ? 62 electoral votes 
where do rednecks eat in the city ? hick - fil - a 
the power of nachos compels you ! the power of nachos compels you ! 
affirmation or irony ? yes . 
what does hitler call something that makes him mad ? infuhrerating 
gandalf is the new head coach of the seattle seahawks 
why is there no life on mars ? no wifi ... 
i bet centaurs never know who to root for at rodeos . 
you can lead a horticulture ... but you can't make her think 
what do italians do when they're waiting for somthing ? they pasta time . 
is an inactivist a thing ? because i think i am that . 
what do you call ranch dressing that has gone bad ? raunch 
" who ate all the crackers ? ! " - racist cannibal . 
to my student loans i am forever in your debt . 
just ask tommy hilfiger it out . 
vodka isn't the answer to my problems but its worth a shot 
i have a huge clock . some would even say it's pendulous . 
i think i'm developing a taste for foreign films like tokyo drift . 
what do pothead barbarians say when 420 rolls around ? 420 raze it ! 
northern women have pms gals from the south have fts . fixin to start 
the only reason r funny is funny 
why can't kylie jenner see her mom ? because she's trans - parent 
ever notice that reddit is obsessed with correcting mistakes ? me to . 
the older i get , the more sympathize with squidward's anger . 
til schweiger 
" houston we ... are fine . " female astronaut probably 
my 61 - year - old stepmom loves your product , mark zuckerberg . 
pablo was a family man . that's why he had two of them . 
what happens when ducks fly upside down ? ? they quack up 
my standards are so high they just recorded a reggae song . 
what do you mean by being loud ? quiet the opposite . 
you know what would be ironic ? if people were made of irons . 
i had a joke about time travel but you guys didn't like it . 
i peed so hard that a little laugh came out 
what's " 68 " ? you do me and i owe you one . 
why was fernando alonso upside down ? because he haas been hit ! 
go to college so you can get a job to pay for college 
what did the snail on the turtles back say ? weeeeeeeeee ! 
what do you call two women standing side by side ? four abreast ! 
why was everyone laughing at the sculptor ? he was making a funny face 
gossip is when you hear something you like about someone you don't . 
what did the dubstep valentine's day card say ? i wub you 
why does the mushroom have a lot of friends ? he's a fungi 
what is your favorite change a lightbulb joke ? 
tegrof reven 11 9 
rip boiling water you shall be mist 
nice truck ! sorry about your small d i i i i k 
great slogan for an abortion clinic ... no fetus will beat us ! 
murders aquaman with some super absorbent paper towels 
i only like foods that begin with the word " cheesy " . 
what would be the worst meal for a football wife ? oj and rice 
are there any one word jokes ? 
i went the school of hard knocks ... my knuckles are still sore . 
if you miss your ex steady aim , control breathing , and fire again 
yo mama so fat she uses the interstate as a slip and slide . 
how often do women become completely unreasonable ? periodically . 
* sees happy person * can u stop that 
not liking me will always be your problem . never mine . 
i'd like to execute g0d . but how can you execute vacuum . 
blowing your load on a girl counts as a baby shower right ? 
i tripped in front of stephen hawking . he lol'd . 
sonys network security 
why do i vape ? it's how i let off a little steam . 
how did the pianist play without fingers ? not very well at all ... 
my beef with you is that you're too chicken to pork me . 
what song to snakes like to sing ? viva aspana ! 
will you marry me ? no , marry christmas ! 
why doesn't rihanna smoke weed anymore ? because she's taken enough hits . 
two peanuts walk into a really rough bar unfortunately , one was a salted 
what kind of wolf never runs ? steppenwolf 
seeing your ex go through what they put you through . priceless . . 
what do you call the gingerbread man's ghetto cousin ? the wonderbread man . 
for sale : 2kg of mentha sachalinensis mint . 
which is the most common font i mexico ? el vetica . 
why haven't they sent a woman to the moon ? it doesn't need cleaning 
i just woke up and scared the hell out of this mortician . 
yo mamma so fat she make a whale look bulimic 
somebody get me a maple tree ... asap ! 
what is a blonde's mating call ? next ! 
question everything . or should you ? 
a book fell on my head i can only blame my shelf . 
today i decided to study abroad ... or maybe two 
if i was smarter , i would know so much more stuff . 
you know why russia is more productive ? they're rushin 
why'd the factory worker hate their job ? because it was soda pressing . 
what is a nation inhabitated and reigned by stoners called ? a hallucination . 
haikus are easy but sometimes they make no sense refrigerator . 
why did hitler always win foot races ? he was the fascist one . 
what's scrooge's favourite christmas game ? mean - opoly . 
i used to follow my dreams , but they all got restraining orders . 
what is the most dishonest fish in the ocean ? a lionfish 
christmas lights are being put up every moth ever : oh hell yeah 
what's an advantage of being swiss ? the flag is a big plus . 
i'm not religious , but avocados are proof of a benevolent creator . 
i took everything with a grain of salt and now i have hypertension . 
chemists confirm the existence of new type of bond james bond 
i wrote a joke about pigeons . stoned pigeon poetry : high coo 
which flavor ice cream is dracula's favorite ? vein - illa . 
why buy an invisible knife ? i don't see the point 
what kind of music does your mailman like ? postrock postpunk 
fighting a war on drugs beats fighting a war sober 
another day , another nope . 
i obtained this username today . apparently i'm the only one . 
why do dogs make good sailors ? they know their knots . 
there is no ice cream in space because no one can hear you scream 
why don't germans like humour ? because it's inefficient ! 
karma has no menu . you get served what you deserve . 
jesus walks into a bar no he didn't , because he isn't real . 
i hate autocorrect ... it turns my writing into a total duckfest . 
million dollar idea a bathroom mirror that takes pictures . 
where do you get bare minerals from ? a strip mine 
son , your chimpanzee girlfriend is tearing this family apart . 
do thin girls know about delicious food ? 
if you can think of a better fish pun let minnow 
i'm a lawyer for an orthodontist he's got me on retainer . 
mars : i'm wet ... . nasa : i'm coming over ! 
why couldn't the bicycle stand on its own ? it was two - tired 
the powerball 1 . 3 billion dollars 
i think some of you need an exorcism not an intervention . 
history channel . 
how does a snail win a race ? it runs against hillary . 
sometimes its better to eliminate the problem rather than trying to solve it . 
what do you call a us marine with an iq of 70 ? general 
my lizards won't mate ... must be a reptile dysfunction . 
favorite old people jokes 
cause of death : dropped full can of soda on baby toe . 
donald trump becomes the new president . yeah that's it . 
someone stole my mood ring i don't know how i feel about that 
why was the snowman infertile ? he had snow balls 
why was there a dyslexic stormtrooper ? sith happens . 
i'm so single my cat has a cat . 
which is the most dangerous page of the newspaper ? c4 . 
new hipster fad being really into public domain music 
wanna hear a joke ? non - corrupt african government . 
what beer goes best with pizza ? pepper - peroni 
doctor doctor i feel like a sheep . that's baaaaaaaaaad ! 
" tgim ! " - my liver 
surveys have shown that . . 6 7 dwarfs aren't happy 
i have a friend named jay . we call him j for short . 
a fob told me something the other day 
what is michael jackson's favorite piano chord ? a - minor 
what does mortal kombat and a helsinki church have in common ? finnish hymns 
i was fired from the orange juice factory i just couldn't concentrate . 
a model train set is the male equivalent of 25 cats . 
what do you call a bouncy plane ? boeing boeing boeing 
you must've been conceived at home ... that's where most accidents happen . 
what happens when the cows refuse to be milked ? udder chaos ! 
drake bell needs to call his child taco . 
have you heard that magnesium is dating oxygen ? omg 
i went to high five robin williams he left me hanging 
cut to obama and biden silently eating schwarma . 
how do you offend a vegan ? cover your ears with your hands 
how is a telephone like a dirty bathtub ? they both have rings ! 
i think my cat is a communist . he keeps saying " mao " 
why do people never eat clocks ? because it's really time consuming . 
what two words have thousands of letters in them ? post office . 
funny joke pf debate 
iama bing search engine ama please . just ask me something . 
i eat the broken cookies first because i feel bad for them . 
do the the fatty acids get picked on by the other acids ? 
the lizard child : funny youtube videos 
i'm 0c and what is this ? get it ? lol 
the creation museum commercials on tv ... 
what's the only thing working out at the gym ? the business plan . 
why don't dwarfs smoke pipe weed ? because it slows their * mine * 
my dog just attacked the pizza delivery man why are my best friends fighting 
what do reddit admins eat ? everything 
i've never grabbed less than fifteen napkins . 
how do you get people to quit smoking ? cut off their lips 
how does a bad comedian sleep at night ? i don't know . 
what'd the homeless guy get for christmas ? very hungry . 
the problem about movies with potential they always fall the hardest 
how did the farmer deal with the stubborn sheep's wool ? with shear willpower 
what do aliens use to buy their coffee ? starbucks 
what i'm about to say is extremely important ! ! - drunk people 
a maternity ward was overflowing one national holiday it was labor day 
" this love triangle is way too complicated " pythagoras other woman 
burglar gently waking me ... " you live like this ? " 
i don't bolivia peru - v it . 
strangers on a train 
why do neckbeard dentists love cats the musical ? because m'ca vity . 
i don't like nosey peppers they get jalapeno buisness 
how are children like slinkies ? it's fun to toss them down stairs . 
i hope my search for my lost heroin ... isn't in vein . 
apple made a bomb it was called the ied 
musicians with no advertising budget can simply name their band missing cat . 
hey home shopping network : we have the internet now . 
what's your best " a guy walks into a bar " joke 
i went to a weiner emporium today ... i never sausage a sight ! 
the brooklyn nets 
what's irish and stays out all year ? patty o'fu rniture . 
what kind of dough do hobbit bakers use ? frodough . 
the david cameron diet : you'll never lose your pounds quicker . 
a little bird told me i'm on lsd and talking to a bird . 
have any brief jokes i can snapchat a girl that i like ? 
what happened to the magical tractor ? it turned into a field 
any sink has a garbage disposal if you push hard enough . 
which trigonometric fatio is obsessed with the pokemon suicune ? eusine 
what do you call a peaceful bruce lee ? gent lee gently 
onions are the russian nesting dolls of the vegetable world . 
my current favorite people are atheists who are big into astrology . 
what's a camel's favourite song ? bat out of camell 
" you're mother . " thing to say to your mother . 
people who decorate their cars for christmas are in serious need of help . 
why do some people dislike twitch chat ? it's just not their kappa tea 
referenced my previous girlfriend in an academic paper it was very ex - citing 
chuck norris once broke wind so hard ... it couldn't be fixed . 
what do sql programmers do at night ? count star . 
have you seen the movie constipated ? it hasn't come out yet . 
what's han solo's favorite type of video game ? first person shooter . 
my review of your face : good , quality face . would look again 
can someone help me decide which nirvana album to buy ? wait , nevermind 
you're so beautiful that last night you made me forget my pickup line . 
dolphins thats just a kids tail get it 
what do you call a really bad mind reader ? telepathetic . 
i have literally never seen a mattress store with customers in it 
who can beat any burger at golf ? any links sausage ! 
why did uhuru get mad ? because william shatner . 
i wanted to start my vegan diet but apparently cannibalism is frowned upon . 
i guess you could say mendeleev's birthday comes around periodically . 
i don't always tell harambe jokes but i'll take a shot at it . 
someday i'll find a good commie joke ... marx my words . 
automatic doors don't work when running full speed . i know that now . 
til socrates last words . " i drank what ? ! " 
someone turn off the internet i'm trying to sleep 
gunfire reported at track and field event they said it was race related 
what do two wrights make ? a plane 
wtf i feel like i pay these bills every month . 
bunny the energizer bunny just got arested for battery . 
what type of humor did the heart attack survivor like ? offbeat . 
i'm not really fan of gallows humor it just always leaves me hanging . 
i have an l shaped sofa lowercase 
you know what is funny ? not this sub ... 
" i'm caught in a love hexagon . " - polygamists 
i have great muscle memory i totally remember when i was in shape . 
the internet is just another location for people to be wrong about things . 
why are pirates so fat ? they eat too many caaarrrrrbs . 
my dad's bread factory burnt down now his business is toast 
a space heater ... would have to be huge . 
" moo . " - hipster sheep 
the worst thing about being bjtten by a spider is that you're probably australian 
why won't you read this joke ? cause you've already reddit ! 
two flies are sitting on a toilet . one gets pissed off . 
jesus was such a player ... . ... he was laid in a manger 
what do you call someone who drinks too much water ? an aquaholic ... 
how do gangsters receive communications ? gmail 
they say it's a joke , but , is it ? 
what's the cheat code for friday ? 
my girl says i'm like a volcano in bed ... dormant 
her love makes my world go round . 
who do patriotic latinos talk to ? you ese . 
why are there no televisions in afganistan ? because of the taliban 
july 4th celebrates the original brexit . thanks george 
two neanderthals had a baby ... no homo 
what did david bowie want for christmas ? carrie fisher . 
what did the frustrated cannibal do ? threw his hands up 
how do you stay hidden in the desert ? camal - flage 
why did the hobbit go vegan ? because meat is mordor ! 
what do you call the memory of a camping trip ? past tents 
old but gold two dyslexic men walk into a bra ... 
i don't like 2k 1 . he's so odd . 
have you tried subways new jared special ? two small buns with extra mayo 
uh oh . my car's gps asked me , " who's siri ? " 
apparently " will work for food " doesn't involve hunting . 
did you know that by today's standards marilyn monroe would be considered dead ? 
starbucks puts the fee in coffee 
where there are 4 irishmen ... . you always find a 5th 
nsfw - what is david bowie's zodiac sign ? cancer . 
can't wait to get old so i can shower sitting down . 
why does everyone hate peppers ? they always get jalapeno business ! 
don't tell a klepto this ... ... they take everything literally . 
tell me more about how awful dubstep is , generation that celebrated disco . 
why be part of the problem when you can be all of it ? 
i would make a sparrow joke ... but they don't fly very well . 
pi compliment wow , you look radian today . 
what do you call it when your stepmother poops ? a step - stool 
did you hear about the facebook crash ? it took a tumbl ! 
why should you never date a vegan girl ? she won't swallow . 
you are a sad , strange little man ... that's what she said ! 
i can't believe it's christmas eve eve eve and they're making me work . 
i'm sorry i picked up dog poop using your selfie stick . 
heard this one today what's michel obama's favorite vegetable ? barackoli ! 
you're the she to my nanigans . 
help i'm addicted to skin i can't stop wearing it ! 
what tree gives the best high - fives ? a palm tree ! 
note to self don't buy one . 
nock nock whos der ? i dunt no anser da door 
do you know the one step to avoiding clickbait ? obviously not 
your mom ... ... is so fat she always follows her gut . 
if i was one of the seven dwarfs i'd be nopey . 
where do beavers go to cash their paychecks ? the riverbank . 
what does your hot mom where under her skirt ? a freudian slip . 
my math text book got recalled we were told it had too many problems 
two guys walked in a bar and said . . the game . 
why do bears have fur coats ? because they'd look stupid in anoraks ! 
knock , knock smell mop . 
what did thomas jefferson grow ? old . 
why did the plumber cry ? his family died . 
why does a cow have hooves but not feet ? cause they lactose . 
joke : genie in the bottle geanostra 
i read the instruction manual for my new watch it was about time 
one day , i came across a mute man , and he said 
can't sleep . too excited for arbor day . 
spiders were super disappointed when they finally saw the world wide web . 
i need jokes that people can enjoy over and over again . 
the man who fell into an upholstery machine is now fully recovered . 
in the meantime i plan on absolutely crushing it over on linkedin . 
what's a hairdressers's favourite christmas song ? oh comb all ye faithful 
what's dracula's car called ? a mobile blood unit . 
ever notice how white women over 40 can't dance without clapping ? 
an irish man left the bar 
how do crabs travel cheaply ? pubic transportation 
what will it take to reunite nirvana ? two more bullets . 
which states is bernie most popular in ? denmark , sweden and norway . 
what did the mathematician do at the baseball game ? 4 the home team 
girlfriends are similar to chrome they use too much of your resources 
let's see here ... said the blind to the deaf . 
look i can summon australians have you ever , ever felt like this ? 
what do you call it when a toaster eats a toaster cannatoasterlism 
how does a pirate greet a sea monster ? what's kraken ? 
i wanted to throw an earth day party ... but i forgot to planet 
what is popeye's favorite led zeppelin song ? olive my love 
don't you hate it when someone answers their own question ? i do . 
maybe hitler did nothing wrong ... maybe he was reich . 
cannibals probably instagram pictures of their next door neighbors . 
i bet seal is terrified of shark week . 
don't take a leaf out of my book i use leaves as bookmarks . 
it only gets worse as an adult , charlie brown 
man have three potatoes in latvia is joke , such is life . 
what do you call the ultimate fish doctor ? the sturgeon general 
what did the sign say on the abandoned nuclear reactor ? gone fission 
girl , you're like the devil . hot as hell and horny . 
" stop peopling around " - horses ? 
highlighter pens are the future ... mark my words 
it must be really awesome being a baker they make a lotta dough . 
one advantage the monkees had over the beatles was the opposable thumb 
was johann sebastian bach wealthy ? no , he was baroque . 
movember may be over ... ... but pubecember is just getting started . 
what's the difference between one direction and futurama there's only one bender in futurama 
what form of radiation bakes you cookies ? a gramma ray 
why are proteins so bad at poker ? they always fold . 
it's no fun when someone you're ignoring ignores you back . 
where did the memes make their last stand ? the aylmao . 
i married a kleptomaniac ... she stole my heart . 
would the person who has been writing my horoscope please lighten up . 
the na cs : go scene 
are we dangerous ? " yes " replied mother earth . 
when a boy falls , what does he fall against ? his will 
what is iron man without his suit ? stark naked . 
today i won the national laziness championship ! what did you win ? atrophy 
hey movie villains make a bomb where the wires are all one color . 
people tell me that i'm a bad knitter oops , wrong thread 
jokes are like frogs ... they die when you dissect them 
what does a north korean ricochet sound like ? pyong ! yang ! 
what is a religious gorilla called ? a monk - ey 
you're mama so fat ... she broke her leg and gravy poured out . 
putin takes over entire world while everybody searches for the missing plane . 
what did eminem learn to defend himself ? marshall arts . 
how do billboards communicate ? sign language 
how do you mail an egg ? in a henvelope ! 
dyslexic's of the world ... ... untie ! 
what does captain falcon drink in hawaii ? punch ! 
i have a multiple personality disorder ... and so do i . 
it's hard to do stuff because , you know , internet . 
i gave up trying to learn geometry just couldn't see the point . 
what do canadian squirrels eat ? eh - corns . 
why are vampires democrats ? they want gore in 2000 . 
why did the calendar die ? it's days were numbered . 
auctioneers are proof white guys could rap if they tried hard enough . 
necessity is the mother of cessity . also shaquanda . 
what's a baker's favorite part of manhattan ? the lower yeast side . 
maybe you need a ladder to climb out of my business ? 
what did the magician say when he took some adderall ? hocus focus 
why wasn't vladimir late ? he was russian . 
what is a terrorists favorite snack ? an allah ak - bar 
what was jesus reaction to being crucified ? he was cross . 
i want to cover you in expensive things like gasoline . 
so pepe is now an international hate symbol ... feelsbadman . 
don't study me , , , , you wont graduate ! ! 
i once told dicaprio a joke about the oscars he didn't get it 
the facebook app for iphone 
so mrs lincoln ... besides that , how'd you like the play ? 
what runs all day but never gets tired ? water . 
why did god create men first ? because we learn from mistakes . 
when life gives you lemons drink the kool - aide 
darth vader's full name is dartholomew spaceinvader . 
racist why can't african americans stretch their arms ? because they're handcuffed . 
two irish men walk into a bar ... . what else is new ? 
unicorns have the best poker faces . 
nice guys finish last and they generally warn you just before they do . 
man didn't invent the wheel it invented itself after seeing chuck norris . 
obama is in a sinking ship . who gets saved ? america 
x - post from r christianity t 
diln is a baddy hahahaha 
" eat the booty like groceries " - albert einstein 
i used to own a nocturnal horse ... she was a nightmare . 
what country has the most people ? brazil ... they've got brazillions 
how did david bowie die ? an american scared him to death . 
the only laid i'm getting ... is laid off . 
what has two holes and smells a lot ? your nose 
what is buddhism measured in ? oooohms 
virginity is like a soapbubble , one prick and it is gone . 
corn mazes are a bit redundant . 
like it or not this joke is binary . 
just saw a french footballer playing nintendo think it was thierry on wii 
how is cat food sold ? usually purr can ! 
not sure if i want buns of steel , or buns of cinnamon . 
a mean mathematician is just an average guy . 
why was the calf afraid ? he was a cow - herd ! 
what do americans call the summer holidays ? ceasefire 
* feels painful possible cavity * * eats chocolate to feel better * 
what do you call an upside down blonde ? a brunette with bad breath 
what did all the creepy people do before the internet ? 
i don't hate bread i loaf it 
no one loves me ... . no one hates me forveralone 
" say no to lindsay lohan " - drugs 
i've never seen a nudist i wanted to see naked . 
so there's this guy that yawns a lot ... ... . . yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwnnnn 
what does fabrizio like to put on his sandwiches ? mustardo ! 
the allman brothers couldn't have a woman in the band for two reasons : 
does the name pavlov ring a bell ? 
are you an infidel ? cause i beheaden your way . 
to all r jokes subs you really need the a 
the thing about reverse psychology is that everybody gives you downvotes ... 
" this bouquet is missing some flowers " i said lackadaisically . 
my jokes are like space trash ... they never land . 
double vision breasts are proof that men can concentrate on 2 things at once 
my parents were shot and killed in an alley feelsbatman 
how do you measure a great misunderstanding ? in kilowats 
i must be an odd one because i can't even 
i wonder . was the terminator not always ... arniemated ? 
i'm afraid of spotify ruining music the way facebook ruined friends . 
why don't blind people like to skydive ? because it scares the dog . 
tell y'al l what i know about dwarfs . . very little . 
oh , man ! it really smells like upfoo in here ! 
what's the definition of endless love ? ray charles and stevie wonder playing tennis 
what did snape say at alan rickmans funeral ? nothing . 
i find it quite easy to relate to mushrooms i'm also a fun guy 
staying positive who needs anti depressants when you have a van der graaf generator 
my girlfriend's kisses are so sweet that i probably have type 2 diabetes . 
take your time pedestrians we're not dreaming of mowing you down at all 
free air ! help yourself . 
what do you call a quantum physicist's hair style ? schrodinger's cut 
muhabbetin hasn geekyapar ! can sungur buralarn tek adimini mi ? 
what do you call a horny herbaceous bread mixture ? dill dough 
what does a necrophiliac get at funerals ? mourning wood 
what do pessimists and electrons have in common there both always negative . 
happy independence day except for slaves day ! 
* tosses banana peel out the window during a police chase * 
anesthesiologists are so boring . they put me to sleep . 
english folk customs by morris dancer 
never answer an anonymous letter . 
to the question what are you doing here ? 72 answered negative . 
what kind of headphones did chris brown get rihanna for her birthday ? beats 
dog teacher : did you finish your homework dog student : still chewing almost 
i tell my wife we are broke so we don't end up broke . 
my girlfriend is like my car ... stolen property 
where do you get virgin wool from ? ugly sheep . 
what do baby parabola drink ? their quadratic formula ! 
briefly explain hard water ice 
is that a noose necklace ? that's knot cool . 
me and my girlfriend are just too different ... i exist and she doesn't 
i was going to say a starfox joke but they were all too corneria 
why did isis stop looting viagra ? the goats all died . 
i'm at my most vulnerable when i'm trying to spell chrysanthemum 
- here_is ajoke for people good_at - reading_between the lines_ 
i'd rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy 
there's gold in them teeth ! - prospector in a rap studio 
friend : you know that country song that goes - me : no . 
the coal industry ... ... has come under fire lately . 
how do birds kiss ? they give a peck to the cheek . 
who burns their own city down ? the people of ferguson . 
knockknock , who's there ? it's harry . thankyou , knockknock 
knock - knock , whose there ? " peephole salesman ! " 
laziness is when a person doesn't fake that he's working . 
khal drogo weighs in on episode leaks by filmkritter on deviantart oc 
relationship status bathing everyday isn't a priority anymore . 
why couldn't the teddy bear smell ? because his nose was stuffed 
what does a vegetarian hunter say before dinner ? " lettuce prey " 
if weed becomes legalized after snoop dog dies he'll be rolling in his grave 
what does a greek say when he receives his salary ? danke schon . 
i used to be irish ... then i became completely full of ire . 
my new record in a 100 m sprint is 52 meters . 
what's worse than peaking in high school ? climaxing to middle schoolers . 
george bush got stuck in concrete . that sets a bad precedent . 
if a dove represents peace which bird represents true love ? the swallow . 
i like to tell self - referential jokes . like this one 
some jokes are like doctors ... they get better with repeated deliveries . 
what fried food will shut your neighbor's dogs up ? hushpuppies . 
what kind of type face does a pachyderm use ? ele - font 
why does helium go up ? because the floors argon . 
how did the bohemian pay ? just a check 
condoms . i can't wrap my head around them . 
which disney character is trump's favorite ? wall - e 
why don't skeletons get sick ? because they always have an anti - body 
i tried looking up my future i saw no results 
i wish i could google search ... who likes me ? 
most arachnophobes end up secretly being spiders themselves 
there is literally nothing i care enough about to go on a hunger strike 
i want a segway so i can ride my segway away from my problems 
where do irish people go for breakfast ? drunkin donuts 
britney spears career that's the joke . 
wife : you overreact to everything ! me : phones police 
what do you call unreasonably strand fat people with authority ? fatscists . 
what did the 8 say to the 0 ? hey , fatty 
google is the 1 company in the world . how about them apples ? 
what do you call someone with unreasonable hearing ? ear - rational 
what's the smartest piece of lab equipment ? a graduated cylinder . 
when santa's helpers take pics of themselves is it called an elfie ? 
pig breeding by lena bacon 
he who goes to sleep face down ... crack up . 
i wear fake " vans " shoes so i just call them cars . 
a new rehab center for pill addicts is open its called oxy clean 
i'm so fat ... ... my favorite super hero is the supermarket . 
roger ailes buys a puppy . he calls it colby . 
i always wanted to be somebody i should have been more specific . 
female without the vowels is fml . need i say more ? 
who is the funniest american politician ? hillarious clinton 
i can build things out of wood . canoe ? 
i smoked meat yesterday ... i think that's how i got salmonella . 
why was the p irate ? because his peg leg made him go r 
tomorrow's thanksgiving ! have a fowl meal ! 
" to be and not to be " schrodinger's hamlet 
he always finds himself lost in thought it's unfamiliar territory . 
why doesn't santa give gifts to naughty kids ? because it'd krampus style . 
who makes the sweetest video games ? masahiro saccharide 
i have the talent of getting tired without doing nothing . 
i just wish god hadn't hidden all of my talents so well . 
major in freudian psychology minor in the back seat . 
seasons greetings by mary christmas 
what are the sickest rock layers ? the ones with diabases . 
wait - my gym moved ? in 1997 ? 
never trust a business that uses papyrus font 
we need to be more concerned about dinosaur ghosts 
what do you call bruno mars ? michael jackson the third . 
the story of the old , empty barn there was nothing in it . 
what's the biggest lie of the election ? voting machines aren't hackable . 
common synonyms of unemployed . writer , blogger , and activist . 
life with erectile dysfunction is hard but really it isn't . 
what do pancakes do when they are scared ? they crepe themselves d 
i've got 70 hobbies . 69'in g and fishing . 
a death metal song about an excel spreadsheet not doing what i want . 
the plural of " person on segway " is " losers . " 
what's a neckbeard's favorite pokemon ? m'ch amp 
jesus loves you . but i'm his favorite . 
do know who the ultimate crossfitter was ? jesus . 
did you guys know the majority is always right ? except slavery 
the only exercise this month ive done is running out of money 
" it's pronounced jeff " " whatever you say , goff " 
the movie interstellar was so deep that . . adele was rolling in it 
what does miley cyrus eat for thanksgiving ? twerky i'll show myself out . 
i bet you i could stop gambling . 
my girlfriend is the square root of - 100 perfect 10 , but imaginary 
what's ussr favourite pink floyd's album ? the wall . pls don't pitchfork me 
the name's bond . ionic bond . taken , not shared . 
what can't teenage girls do ? even 
don't joke about arthritis it's too close to the bone 
what do brazilian cats speak ? purr - tuguese 
what time are most dental appointments scheduled for ? tooth hurty . 
where do you shop for a pregnant cow ? the mooternity section . 
how does an alien get back to his home planet ? ayy lmao 
who steals all the soap in the bathroom ? the robber ducky 
til i'm always submitting to the wrong subreddit . 
how much power does a nun have . nun ! 
being misunderstood is an art and apparently i should open a gallery . 
what's a neckbeards favourite colour ? m'ge nta 
why did sjws call out medusa ? she kept objectifying people . 
what do robots do on a one night stand ? he nuts and bolts 
whats a sugar free drink's favorite abbreviation ? 0mg 
what's the worst place to run in to your ex girlfriend ? auschwitz 
is it wrong , to put people on your bucket list ? 
how to play a pokemon game buy a 250 pokemon machine 3ds 
what's sarah jessica parker's favorite dance move ? the neigh neigh . 
why don't blind people go sky diving ? it freaks out the dogs ! 
what's a tree's favourite composer called ? bach 
what's an afrikaner's favorite game ? apartheid - and - go - seek . 
my husband suffers in silence louder than any person i know 
life didn't work out , but everything else is not that bad . 
what is the best joke that made you lol ? 
had a fight with an erection this morning beat it single handedly . 
what did the sea say to the sand ? nothing it just waved 
i'm smiling . this should scare you . 
a thought about posthumous autobiographies they're all ghost - written . 
what diapers should you put on a dead baby ? pamperspired . 
anyone who says they don't like cats hasn't had them cooked properly . 
sneezing while driving is my version of extreme sports . 
what type of cheese lives under your bed ? muenster . 
heard about the blonde that sold her car for gas money ... 
why do people dislike going to the dentist ? because he is boring . 
what did the dog say when he sat on sand paper ? ruff 
what's the famous confederacy battle cry ? we surrender ! 
a dyslexic tries to use public transportation whoops , wrong sub . 
what kind of footwear do whitewalkers use ? the hodor - eliminating kind . 
what monsters are all the tools in the toolbox afraid of ? vampliers 
* uses ouija board * new phone who dis 
want to dance ? or should i go to hell again ? 
french stoner joke : 80 
what do you call a banker's disgusting fetish ? his gross interest . 
why did the nun always go to the same bar ? habit 
what do you call a deep thinking pastry chef ? a filosopher . 
what's a hippy mothers least favorite sport ? formula one ! 
50 shades of spalding gray 7 years of decay and the east river . 
if i play my cards right ... i can become a pro pokerplayer 
my dad hasn't uncrossed his arms since i was born . 
are you a mixologist ? i could tell by your poor style . 
if two chainz orchestrated 9 - 11 he'd be called two planes 
surprise your family by quitting your job and becoming a coffee table . 
how do trains eat ? they go chew chew ! 
what do you call a wolfman who barks at a half moon ? unawarewolf 
if a pika sneezes ... is it called a pikachu ? 
according to my laptop , my new year's resolution is 1680 x 1050 . 
old man and his babies 
i wonder what happens when doctor's wife eats an apple a day ? 
what is the best city to stream a movie ? buffa lo 
finally my winter fat is gone ... now i have spring rolls . 
which space on a battleship grid guarantees victory ? i1 
how do you become a kleptomaniac ? you pick it up from other people 
how many french eggs do you need ? one egg is un oeuf . 
jimmy kimmel should have floyd mayweather read mean tweets after the fight oh wait 
if you love dictionaries so much why dont you merriam 
there are two things i hate in every politician : their face . 
why don't you see penguins in britain ? because they're afraid of wales 
if i stalked you any harder , you'd be a missing person . 
what do you call over the counter viagra ? mycoxafloppin 
islam ? no . is pork . that's not halaled . 
why don't they play cs : go in the jungle ? too many cheetahs 
" nobody move ! " - 19th century photographer 
why don't women need umbrellas ? because it doesn't rain in the kitchen . 
did somebody unplug brazil's controller ? 
here's a metallica joke for you . st . anger . 
if my wife made whiskey , i'd love her still . 
did you hear the one about the cannibal who dumped his girlfriend ? 
what doesn't kill a grammar nazi makes me wronger . 
why do animal rights activists hate nasa ? because curiosity killed the cat . 
frolicking : the act of licking afros . 
why does tumblr hate symmetrical shapes ? because they can't even 
i hate jokes about domestic violence they're too close to home 
how did the pharaoh feel after falling for a craigslist scam ? egypt 
so a redditor was on a date with his girlfriend ... 
donald trump what a joke ! 
what did the html coding dog say ? href href ! 
what do you do to an islamic dog that barks too much ? musl'im 
relationships last longer when everybody doesnt know your business 
lindt have done well this christmas they've made a killing 
breaking science news : lhcb confirms existence of exotic hardons . 
why's the sink depressed ? it's been feeling drained 
bathrooms have changed from being a singing studio , to a photo studio . 
what was hitler's favourite air vehicle ? heilcopter 
actual mechanical advantage ama 
my dad is like boost mobile . where you at dog ? 
what secret organization does pinnochio work for ? wooden you like to know ? 
what's hitler's favorite aquatic animal ? a dolphin 
what did sweet potato yahweh say ? i yam that i yam . 
" yeah , engage your core or whatever . " - impersonal trainer . 
if i went house hunting i'd take a really big gun . 
what is a cat's favorite tropical destination ? meowi 
he who laughs last thinks slowest . 
" let's eat , get drunk and watch people exercise " sports fans 
love is one long sweet dream ... and marriage is the alarm clock . 
curiosity actually killed my cat . worst stripper ever . 
if you are telekinetic , raise my hand . 
walnuts make my every cookie a game of minesweeper . 
i ask google the questions i'm too scared to ask other people . 
someone keeps throwing cheese at me yeah , real mature . 
what is the difference between trump supporters and everyone else ? trump supporters vote 
what do cutters and heroin addicts have in common ? long sleeves . 
the swordsman thought he won his fight but in fact his opponent feinted 
saw some mennonites playing baseball yesterday all i saw was a swing and amish 
what do you call murayan sukumaran's new wife ? a necrophiliac . 
what do you call a nervous javelin thrower ? shakespeare 
what's the toughest type of pie ? punkin pie 
to whom do agnostics pray ? to whom it may concern . 
i know where you live in a house 
what was the shy rock's wish ? to be a little boulder ! 
fat , single and ready for a pringle ! 
whats a potheads favorite vehicle ? the cannabus . 
what was viktor frankenstein's favorite sport ? body building . 
what kind of fence goes on strike ? a picket fence . 
whats the longest running canadian joke ? terry fox 
q : who's the funniest girl you know ? a : lola . 
what idiot called them ex - fiancees and not near - mrs ? 
i just found out diarrhea is genetic ... it runs in your genes . 
what do you call sting 5 minutes ago ? stung . 
what is the only english word a french - canadian knows ? sorry . 
what is justin beiber's favourite hozier song ? take me to christian bell . 
what is the best vegetable delivery vehicle in the world ? an ambulance 
procrastinators be like sofa so good my attempt on pun 
what's green then turns red really quickly ? a frog in a blender 
greeks lined up for atm ? isn't that kinda their thing ? 
are you a cat person or a person person ? 
define " will " isn't it obvious ? it's a dead giveaway ! 
what did one skunk say to another ? and so do you ! 
i bought a female horse around 10pm what a night mare 
absence makes the heart want to fondle other people 
what's the opposite of an antijoke ? an unclejoke 
a man with alzheimer's starts telling a joke . where am i ? 
* eats a snack while making a snack * 
what's the key to a great thanksgiving ? turkey 
what do hutts use to program computers ? jabbascript 
latvians don't know fonz ... ... they don't have happy days . 
dirtiest joke ever told a pig rolled in the mud 
what dance moves do physicists do ? the torque 
how did the farmer find his wife ? he tractor down 
me : help universe : lol 
i bought some expired gummy bears today . they tasted haribo - l . 
there is no way alcohol kills more people than it creates 
yo mama's so fat she uses an air balloon for parachute . 
what is donald trumps favorite street ? wall street * badum tshhh * 
what's scarier than donald trump becoming president ? bernie sanders becoming president . 
i visited detroit recently . i love the smell of the ol factories . 
what are stories about oranges ? pulp fiction 
what's the difference between mormons and non mormons ? the temperature of their caffeine 
i love being a gynecologist i find that i'm always hard at work . 
two submissives sitting in a tree . n o t h i n g 
do you need a silencer if you are going to shoot a mine ? 
what kind of pop do you cook with ? baking soda 
what i lack in imagination i make up for in ... . stuff . 
if laughter is the best medicine , jimmy fallon doesn't need health insurance . 
what part of canada do the inuit control ? nunavut . 
what are the magic words for making a spoiled asparagus edible ? impairagus repairagus 
q : how does an octopus go to war ? a : armed . 
using twitter for business is like buying ad space over a urinal . 
what's worse than being 32 being turdy too 
the shortest route between point a and point b is under construction . 
politics ... ... 
canadian defenition canadian noun : an unarmed american with health insurance 
why couldn't op make it as a standup comedian ? poor delivery . 
i scream , you scream , this funeral just got more interesting . 
the post script by adeline extra 
a man died while masturbating the doctors said he died from a stroke . 
how can you tell a clock is hungry ? it goes back four seconds 
despite my last 12 , 000 tweets , i'm actually really fun . 
it doesn't matter how much you move the envelope it'll still be stationary . 
what spell does a hogwarts student use when they pregnant ? fetus deletus ! 
my cocaine is so white police let it go with a warning 
a tropical joke mangos into a bar . 
why does martin luther king like jam ? because god bless america 
i really hate stoners ... they are so blunt about everything . 
what do cats eat on a hot summer day ? micecream ! 
did you hear about the world's greatest ninja ... ? me neither . 
a boomerang is just a frisbee for loners . 
i was sailing a yacht with my stomach , abseiling 
a better name for the pope mobile would be a christler . 
what does the saudi executioner say every time he takes a head ? removed 
contact ad " seeking man with ponytail . hairstyle doesn't matter " 
for hire : unemployed dwarf no job too small 
what do hispanic weeaboos say on christmas ? feliz nyahhhh - vidad 
lying through your teeth doesn't count as flossing 
never trust a depressed elevator . it'll only bring you down . 
whats lil waynes favorite pizza place ? little seizures 
what's a chiropractor's busiest day ? throwback thursday . 
a piece of ham ham is ham . the end 
" i literally can't even ! " - - white girl hanging a picture 
why did nietzche's shop go out of business ? he accepted eternal returns . 
most 00's kids won't get these ... decent jobs 
what tense do italians speak in ? pasta continuous . 
so i found out viagra's pharmaceutical name . mycoxafloppin 
i'm watching dexter for inspiration . entertainment . i meant entertainment . 
what was stalin's favorite chemical equation ? hamar sicl 
i shall play you the song of my people * stomach growls * 
what did a crab say to another crab on christmas hey sandy claws 
i can't believe my kamikaze joke crashed and burned like that ! 
there are 2 things i hate in this world people and hypocrites 
pee pressure peer pressure 
what do you call a police officer's favorite metal ? copper 
how many chores can horny maids do ? 70 . cooking and 69 . 
apparently hooters is a great place to meet single dads on a sunday . 
is life fair ? short answer : no . long answer : noooooooooooooooooooo . 
insert racist joke here ... change location of joke to ferguson . 
today i checked my privilege ... privilege 
" does this mean that we're going to be bffs forever ? 
i hear you are what you eat must be why i'm such a child 
i will put you in your place . - me to everything because ocd 
can't believe i was once a child who fought taking naps . 
i go to the gym religiously christmas , and maybe easter 
crabs think we walk sideways 
why do stoners love couches ? because of their cush'io ns ! 
what do you call a pair of scratchy balls testickles 
p is for psychic ... . pumpkin squash ! ! 
what did the mod say when he was wrong ? banned 
how did the telephone propose to his girlfriend ? he gave her a ring 
don't look for a job in a funeral company it's a dying industry 
why did the angel lose her job ? she had harp failure . 
what makes you sweat during the summer ? a sweater . 
what did alyssa the duck say to henry the beaver ? quack quack ! 
why do palestinians have faster computers than israelis ? they have ramallah . 
hey dude , want some sodium hypobromite ? nabro , i'm good . 
what does amnesia mean ? someone told me but i forgot . 
the internet is the world's greatest source of things you don't really need . 
thanks to twitter i now consider 140 characters " literature " . 
why did snoop dog go to cinnabon ? fo drizzle 
interested in : men women x food 
i wonder how many miles i've scrolled with my thumb . 
i'm a paranoid narcissist ... i'm afraid no one's out to get me ! 
why is it called armageddon ? because everyone will be * ermahgerd * n 
maybe teenagers just aren't strong enough yet to remove the sticker from their hat 
be good to yourself , you're all you've got . 
nothing is as effective as homeopathy - peter serafinowicz 
the word diputseromneve may look ridiculous ... but backwards it's even more stupid . 
most of us are 2 feet away from being a double amputee ... 
liverpool fc 
people who tweet in riddles need to know i'm not batman . 
i used to be addicted to deli sandwiches ... but i quit cold turkey 
i joined r nofap never thought it would be this hard ... 
why didn't the pirate get into the movie ? it was rated rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr ! 
something came in the mail today deez nuts 
" this tofu tastes like chicken . " no one believes you dude . 
it would make more sense to put a teacher in every gun shop . 
whats darth vaders favorite alchohol ? darth jaeger 
i think i lost an electron i'm feeling pretty positive though 
i bet that at some point in history a baby ate a dingo . 
why aren't burgers too good at basketball ? too many turnovers ! 
lower your expectations and i will totally amaze you . 
mom did you say we had four bouillon cubes or four billion cubes 
i don't find it hard to meet expenses . they're everywhere . 
why does father christmas go down chimneys ? because they soot him ! 
a model citizen is just like a regular citizen that doesn't eat . 
how did steve jobs die ? from pc 
how does a cow kiss ? smooooooch 
study says that 1 in 3 people suffers from short term memory 
the sperm is swimming towards the egg ... the breakfast is ruined ! 
michael j fox smh 
illiterates won't understand this joke . 
sometimes i bring maracas to a meeting just to shake things up . 
why was helen keller a bad driver ? cause she's a woman ! 
what is apple users favorite movie ? no escape 
why non - smokers don't take bubble blowing breaks is beyond me 
what is a detective's favourite pastry ? the tooth hurts donut ! 
who is the only superhuman frozone can't deal with ? thor . 
what did the winner of the not moving contest get ? atrophy 
why are setups to jokes so important ? because seven ate nine . 
wife leaves : ok . wifi leaves : noooooooooo . i can change ! 
what's the worst single thing you could do to someone ? start dating them 
slept with my internet date ... got a virus 
how does it feel to be out of coffee ? depresso . 
in 2058 the selfies became self aware and choose their own filters . 
my friend said he wanted to live in a hole i said gopher it 
how do druggies store their data ? lsd cards . 
what kind of bee can never make up its mind ? a maybe 
i'm at that age where food makes me fat . 
jared fogle is pleased sentence is under 18 years . 
what does a nearsighted gynecologist and puppy have in common ? a wet nose 
what do you call a duck addicted to drugs ? a quack head 
a magic eraser , but for my bar tab . 
my grandpa died in auschwitz he fell down from the watchtower . 
what's the worst part about having comcast internet ? loading ... 
how do electricians meditate ? ohmmmm , ohmmmm 
school is the foreplay of life you can't rush it . 
i don't like referencing not et al . 
for what it's worth , i'd like to exchange some foreign currency . 
i don't know what makes you so stupid , but it really works . 
sometimes when i'm doing my taxes i'm like maybe prison would be easier 
i'll chat , and i'll chit chat , but i'll never just chit . 
if women ruled the world 
abortion jokes aren't funny cut it out . 
if you steal a clean slate , does it go on your record ? 
i'm good at self deprecation , but i used to be better . 
what is headache ? 5 minutes talk to wife . 
calculators are useless what i need is a calcunow 
i'm here for whatever you need me to do from the couch . 
reddit jokes are so stupid ! see what i did there ? 
what do particle physicists like to drink ? pina colliders . 
how do they dance in arabia ? sheik - to - sheik cheek . 
kim kardashian's starts a new political party , and names it popular back 
how does a ghost start a letter ? tomb it may concern . 
what kind of water do you put into a waterbed ? spring water 
kidnapped ! by caesar quick 
if you aren't a nazi right now , thank a veteran . 
rick and morty season 3 released ! just not in this dimension . . 
al - gebra is a mysterious organization . there are lots of unknowns ... 
if you make fun of rod blagojavich's hair , there'll be hell toupee . 
whats bigger than your balls ? the moon 
where do mormon deer call home ? salt lick city 
kleptomaniacs really don't understand jokes because they always takes things literally . 
my coworker doesn't like me which is weird bc her husband does . 
i don't throw gang signs . i'm scottish . i throw bricks : 
why doesn't tyrannosaurus rex fly ? they're all dead ! 
unicorns are extinct because they weren't horny enough . mind blown 
no you sober up , lamp . 
don't ask me for directions i got lost on an elevator once . 
what did the horny frog say ? rub - it 
monotony is my favorite bored game . 
i liked you better before we met . 
michael gove as education secretary 
to the guy who made the wrong website pun woops , wrong internet universe 
yo momma so dumb ... my yoghurt is more cultured than her . 
i can convert alcohol into an idiot 
whoever called it getting drunk and not grunk detting just didn't get it . 
hipsters only know their weight in instagrams . 
life just handed me lemonade . not sure what to do . 
toilet humour isn't funny it's just crap . 
what kind of church does a triangle attend ? anglican . 
why is it called the middle east when it is in western asia ? 
when life gives you lemons ... just be glad it's not aids 
so there's 100 000 pascals in a bar ... 
what do pirates of the 21st century wear ? an ipadth . 
lost an electron really gotta keep an ion them . 
what did the farmer say to lil jon ? turnip for what 
united kingdom more like ... divided kingdom . 
kids from 00 won't get this ... childhood 
what's red and looks like a bucket ? a red bucket . 
what's the loneliest drink ? i dunno but its in a solo cup . 
who would win in a fight between muhammad ali and stephen hawking ? parkinson's 
spelling errors ? i don't do that typo thing . 
smallpox sounds so adorable 
bruce jenner ? more like bruce transjenner ! 
this christmas buy your hoes something nice . cause its the thot that counts 
sweet chan joke why was 6chan afraid of 7chan , because 7 8 9gag 
a joke about construction ... it's still needs work . 
are curses real ? of course the f * cking are ... thanks dad 
what kind of father names their child adam ? a scientist . 
i think a group of white people should be called a brunch . 
how did the headless chicken cross the road ? in a kfc bucket . 
fox news in four words : " i'm not racist , but ... " 
how does an eskimo build his house ? igloos it together . 
why don't sea creatures get divorced ? because they can't afford abalone . 
why did rose not buy the iphone 7 cause it didn't have a jack 
shout out to old people for graduating high school without google 
where is pinocchio's website ? on the splinternet . 
r jokes won't get this . . karma 
england at the 2014 world cup 
why did i leave my grades at the orphanage ? i couldn't raise them 
found an eyelash on my pizza . wished for more pizza . 
the funniest joke i have ever seen on r funny you . 
what did the banana say to the orange ? fruit can't talk 
my brother david had his id stolen now he's just dav 
why does carpet never make a sound ? it's the world's quietest pervert . 
what gas do snails prefer ? shell . 
great news ! i'm declaring a national strike . nobody go to work . 
little known fact : arizona's state flower is pavement . 
what do you call fake german currency ? question marks 
i wanted to make a chemistry joke ... but i'm too basic . 
i just saw a koi fish that had a white guy tattooed on it 
why do bachelors like smart women ? because they're so rare . 
what is samsung ceo's favorite movie total recall 
just pushed my cat's paperwork off his desk . 
yo momma so fat she clogs up the tunnel even after rush hour . 
iphones walked out : p two iphones walked out of a bar 
don't you dare go playing that drum again . there will be repercussions ! 
how do you make a pheromone ? let his people go ! 
my 40 time is about 4 . 2 gulps 
how do you crack a joke on r jokes ? ctrl v . 
what kind of teeth can you buy with a dollar ? buck teeth ! 
why do people like hillary clinton ? when she can't even stand herself ? 
why did the nazi refuse to drink lemonade ? he hated acidic juice . 
lpt : reproduce 
never tell a blind catholic that seeing is is believing ... 
the bangles are getting their own cooking show . wok like an egyptian 
what's sting's favorite olympic sport ? the long hump 
i had a bad donair earlier now i falafel 
hey brotherrrr by avicii there's an endless road to be dismothered ! lmao 
if her weight ends in ounces she's too young for you bro 
what do you call conjoined twins with the same name ? sharron . 
how does stevie wonder check facebook ? with his eyephone 
- - pops double collar and eats hamburger with a fork and knife 
i took an iq test . the results were negative . 
dating tip : add free wi - fi to your dating profile 
legalize medicinal murder 
what happened to the egg when it heard the joke ? it cracked . 
do you know any good water jokes ? well ? 
what did santa say at the brothel ? hoe ! hoe ! hoe ! 
i am not guilty - wai hang mi 
i want to name my next pet peeve . 
pascal walks into a bar . he then feels pressured to leave . 
how does isis listen to its favourite tunes ? on a boombox . 
how do you eat a computer ? byte by byte . 
ok , another grandfather joke . just kidding , they're both dead . 
your mom xd 
an irishman leaves a bar . 
i am feeling very optimistic . but i bet it won't last . 
i'm pretty sure the rule at starbucks is the slowest employee makes the drinks 
what game do africans play everyday ? the hunger games i'm going to hell 
zooey deschanel always looks like she's been shown a card trick 
today is national secure a rich lover day mate wealth , 2016 . 
where will you find the most powerful man in los angeles ? watts . 
what does a redneck buddhist believe in ? reintarnation . 
what's the best wood to make a golf club out of ? taiga wood 
my drug dealer cracks me up . 
don't play stupid with me . . that's a game you won't win 
what do mechanical keyboards want for dinner ? chicken ticka ticka ticka masala 
why was the landlord seeing a psychiatrist ? he had an apartment complex . 
squad goals : to have a squad 
i think i've finally crossed the line . line . 
how do you describe eating just the right amount ? nom nom nominal 
why are executioners so rich ? because they make a killing 
i was reading a book on antigravity . i couldn't put it down . 
what's a jamaican's favorite brand of paint ? benjammin moore mon 
i make bad jokes this is one of them . 
what kind of vitamin does a pirate take ? vitamin sea . 
tifu by being king of the jungle lololol i am lion 
my elephants got no trunk ? how does it smell ? terrible ! 
three blondes walk into a bar thought one of them would have seen it 
a techno song lasted longer than my first marriage 
i lost 130 pounds in a year . she left me . 
moms . the original autocorrect . 
what did captain picard call his poop ? captain's log 
me dad make me a sandwich dad prove you are a sandwich 
what does the president of russia call his toilet ? vladimir's poo tin 
like arguing with a forest fire . 
why was hitler diagnosed with blindness ? because he could nazi anyone . 
why is ironman a superhero ? and ironwoman a command ? 
what does every funeral begin with ? fun ! 
what did hitler call his records store ? the vinyl solution . 
why is thor's brother always overlooked ? because he's low key . 
what is shrek's favorite book ? don - key xote 
today i made an immigration officer laugh he was borderline hysterical . 
she said i'm barely tolerable , which means there's still a chance 
how do sheep keep warm in winter ? central bleating ! 
it's weird that you need money to stay alive . 
" incontinence hotline ... ... can you hold ? " 
plunging ... ... is like performing cpr on your toilet . 
" there's a sleeping person . let's go ask it questions . " children 
praying : it's like wanting to help without actually having to help 
there's only one problem with your face , i can see it . 
why the carpenter is always constipated ? because his stool so hard ! 
megathread the post formerly known as prince since he's gone . 
what do you call mail that likes to have fun ? outgoing mail . 
nothing good can come out of answering your landline . 
dial up connection was the original dubstep . 
yo mama fell down ... the physicists discovered gravitational waves today 
what is medusa's favorite cheese ? gorgonzola . 
i'd like to travel to holland wooden shoe ? 
if i throw a stick , will you leave ? 
she's as smart as bait . 
push to add drama 
you guys know that there are things higher than kites , right ? 
there was a dyslexic devil worshipor . he sold his soul to santa 
what's your new year's resolution ? mine is 1440 * 900 . 
what is religious favorites food ? chop suey 
what happens when sharks take their clothes off ? they go sharkers ! 
when is a letter damp ? when it has postage due dew . 
what do elderly zombies crave ? braaaaaaaaaaaaans 
never trust your kids . you know who their parents are . 
why don't i like trees ? they look kinda shady to me 
why don't amish people water ski ? because their horses would drown . 
life is like a box of chocolates it doesn't last long for fat people 
i hate the nazis so much they make me goddamned fuhrious ! 
what's the difference between o and q ? one had to p . 
are you in search of a p - pun ? urine in luck ! 
these generic frosted flakes are ooooooookay . 
why did the lemon go sour ? because it had lemon - aids 
forgets to set alarm , wakes up 3 days later . 
why don't biology and physics get on ? they lack chemistry . 
guess who's been sober for 10 months ? robin williams . 
how do most women like their eggs ? ovarie - z 
how do you keep an idiot busy ? loading ... 
my x had a nikon breast implant she called it her photographic mammary . 
i have two personal trainers ... one on each foot ! 
my rap name is " no planz . " 
what is superman's comedy sketch show called ? essen - el 
i started out with nothing , and i still have most of it . 
what's the name of the russian bee gees cover band ? kgbgs 
what comes first ? the chicken or the cart ! 
i won the lottery for a million dollars today . 
one iphone in an apple two iphones is a pear . 
my friend hasn't had a bite all day . so i bit him . 
i'm a social vegan i avoid meet 
my clothes were traumatically stolen from me . but i've recovered . 
* gets into any creepy van * * gets kicked out * 
my stainless steel scissor rusted how ironic . 
the awkward moment when your dog has girlfriend and you still single 
just unfollowed taylor swift on twitter . expecting a song within the hour 
my iq score says i'm intelligent . my dating history disagrees . 
what church do hypocrites belong to ? all of them . 
abstinence makes the arm grow stronger ... at least one of them anyway . 
why did the sandwich shop sound terrible ? it was out of tuna ... 
what happens when bill gates gets mad ? he gets philanthro - pissed 
what do you call two women in a canoe ? fur traders ! 
which clown has killed the most people ? ronald mcdonald 
why did god create man before woman ? he didn't want any advice . 
how do cats park their cars ? they * purr * allel park 
what is et short for ? cos he's only got little legs 
where does a person with one leg work ? ihop 
y'kn ow what really brings out the inner child in you ? abortion 
dating tip : girls like bad boys ! brag about your twitter gang . 
in europe they are now printing their money on greece proof paper . 
where does chewbacca research his college essays ? wookiepedia 
mohammed mo problems 
misplaced apostrophes are just as annoying as the question mark i've used here ? 
reddit nowadays this post is locked 
what usually comes in handy ? a virgin . 
tater tots are chewed up french fries 
owls would be so much cooler if they could also say are you 
katy perry is what happens when an emoji comes to life . 
where does a snowman put his birthday candles ? on his birthday flake ! 
i'm sleeping in this morning . bladder : muhahahaha ! ! 
has anyone seen the new ebola video ? i heard it went viral . 
gleda fata kuvarsku emisiju na tv ... xd 
remember when racism meant a political candidate wasn't viable ? that was weird . 
roze - slovenijatruplo band - roses boses 
you are the pebble in my shoe of people . 
why do bees stay in their hive during winter ? swarm . 
my favorite superheros are . . baskin and robbin ! 
the chocolate bar by ken i havesum 
one ply toilet paper . get in touch with your inner self . 
whenever someone asks if i'm a robot i tell them no i'm androidgynous . 
the set of tools that mods can use . 
why did 9 bust 1 ? because 6 8 9 
what's the most boring cut of meat ? filet minyawn 
which cola brand sources its water from the oceans ? pepsi 
pregnancy - the number 1 cause of arranged marriages 
1 3 5 7 i can't even . 
have you ever heard of tupac ? you probably haven't , he's pretty underground 
what letter has to wait in line the longest ? q 
tweet idea : a funny and popular one 
my favorite kinds of people are sandwiches . 
alcohol is claiming me as a dependent on his taxes this year . 
what is a cannibal's favorite soup sign language soup 
i wish i was as photogenic as most puppies . 
" don't get any ideas . " - worn out light bulb 
what happens to the cow on her period ? she gets moooooody 
what do you call a disabled kid in a hot car a vegetable 
i'll always cherish the original misconception i had of you . 
what drug is most destructive with phones ? crack . 
pirate : the cannons be ready , captain . captain : are . 
hey target , it's mid october , calm the fcuk down ! - santa 
i'm a poet ... and i didn't even realise until just then . 
what has 3 teeth and 100 legs an unemployment line in tennessee . 
i wonder if whiskey thinks about me too . 
the flame of my lighter smells of burned nosehair ! 
hey , guy who named the mustache hair lip was available 
reasons to date me : 1 2 3 please ? 
what do you call chickpeas cooked in a waffle iron ? fawaffle ! 
i heard that wordplay was illegal . apparently there is serious punishment . 
how did the tree get on to reddit ? it just logged on ... 
african swimmer 
what do you call an islander killed by a car ? polygon sorry 
what type of people can you not stand ? people in wheelchairs 
what's it called when a pig kills itself ? soooey ! - cide 
what number is most common in earth sciences ? e 
in the event of death ... find peace in trump . 
jokes about 9 11 shouldn't be allowed to fly . 
juliet : yo i'm dead romeo : same juliet : or am i ... 
a sitcom about teen girl aliens called ufomg . 
why weren't the baked beans heating up ? they were just chilling 
what do you call a person that hangs out with musicians a drummer 
so a celebrity fired a gun at someone today she was a shooting star 
what do you call spaghetti pretending to be rigatoni ? an impasta 
pregnant . it's like ignant , but there are 2 of you . 
hey feminists , 70 of a penny for your thoughts ? 
we got a new whiteboard at the office today ... it's remarkable ! 
what kind of computers do chihuahuas like best ? lap - top ! 
it's ironic that pregnant people have to order virgin drinks . 
why is the moon tastier than earth ? it's meteor . 
a drum solo but on your face . 
rumors . well at least you're spreading something else besides your legs . 
what changed to make the fantastic four the fantastic three ? nothing . 
counterspace ... . . is that like antimatter ? 
thought of a chuck norris joke today . this user no longer exists . 
how much do flying broomsticks cost at hogwarts ? quid each . 
what fruit can't marry cant - elope 
in my opinion , one by metallica ... is a 10 10 . 
i'm just like king midas except everything i touch complains to human resources 
it is much easier to apologize than to ask permission . 
what is a neckbeard's favourite email client ? g'ma il 
why do people who smoke weed take geology ? because they're stoners ! 
where do na'vi go when they get hurt ? icu 
unlike your boyfriend , cheesecake will never leave you or your hips . 
dear gingers , it could be worse . sincerely , albinos 
why did mario always bring toad to parties ? toad was a fungi . 
i made up a joke about the 4th dimension it's about time . 
a man with a gun shot his keyboard it typed pow 
what's the worst period of caitlyn jenner's life ? there is none . 
i once heard a dirty intellectual joke it blew my mind ! ! 
1 out of every 5 kids face hunger the other 4 turn away 
it's taking arby's forever to fry my salad . 
i am really feeling like a bicycle today . too tired ! 
what does wayne gretzky's wife call him ? " wayne " 
what internet provider does satan use in hell ? comcast 
does a cow have the buddha - nature ? mu . 
rumour has it that i got a new computer today ... it's adele ! 
global warming can reduce terrorism because the isis melting . 
specimen : an italian astronaut 
why did the terrorist go to sonic ? to have a blast ! 
it's weird how all the ufos started disappearing once our cameras got better . 
when do arabs return their library books ? the day they're dubai . 
why does santa deliver all the presents because it's for a good clause 
where will you find the best jokes ? not on r jokes 
you're so poor ... ethiopians donate to you . 
why is the sky blue ? and how can we cheer it up ? 
what do you call a troupe of performing redditors ? cirque le jerk 
it's actually the voices outside my head that irritate me the most . 
i used to like banking ... ... but then i lost interest . 
what's the difference between bernie sanders and a coconut ? coconuts have hair 
chivalry died the same time you stopped being a lady , honey . 
chamomile tea makes chamomile pee . 
kids : always remember to brush your drugs and don't do teeth . 
what is the radio operator's favourite romantic story ? r and j 
chuck norris can blow bubbles with beef jerky . 
what's food backwards ? vomit 
why do buddhist monks have such sour faces ? because they're acetic . 
today there was a sale at the maul everything was half off 
i lost my party bot 2000 i'm sure it'll turn up though 
my girlfriend is like christmas . . only comes once a year . 
can you spell very happy with three letters ? xtc ecstasy . 
its march already life is marching forward 
aching joints by arthur itis 
i'm a tree born and raised in israel ... ... a hasidic yew . 
why cant gingers make shoes ? they wouldn't have a sole . 
my mother went missing in vietnam during the war ... momma mia ! 
sharks have a whole week dedicated to chuck norris . 
why are british employees fat because they get paid by the pound 
awkward penguin http : tinypic . com r 2lcwja 8 
what was the ninja pigs surprise attack called ? hambush 
why did the scout leader get arrested ? they caught him eating a brownie 
what disease does a mad scientist have ? boffin spongiform encephalopathy 
apathy , lethargy , stationary . words to live by . 
we are in the golden age of watching videos on your phone . 
what did terrorists say in paris ? " charlie has been neutralised " 
one plus one equals a window 
donald trump's bid for the presidency . see : username 
i have half a mind to get another lobotomy . 
color - blind gang members always shoot the wrong guys . 
leaving twitter for facebook is like leaving the bar to go home . 
good jokes are like pizza . this is not a pizza . 
what do french people order from mcdonald's french fries hahaha 
" foiled again ! " - - leftovers 
what do canadians say after a prayer in church ? eh - men 
what's a polar bears favourite pasta ? penguini ! 
fixed brace yourself for the shortest and corniest joke in the world kernel 
sometimes i feel like a woman trapped in a pear - shaped woman's body 
you're not a real american until you're at least 30 lbs overweight . 
europe . made in germany . 
what is a sorcerer's least favorite disease ? a staff infection 
c'mo n phone , let's go to bed . 
people that climb mountains just follow a natural inclination . 
a transgender person has a child now he's transparent . 
yo mama so fat , her patronis is a cake . 
jokes know any lion jokes 
do babies know they're stupid ? 
nice jeans , everyone in the 90s . 
ventriloquist mafia " oh we have ways of making people talk . " 
misery loves company . but not you . even misery has standards . 
how to diet successfully by m . t . cupboard 
slowly adding more and more lead to your meals until you're immune to bullets 
a roman walks into a bar and lifts two fingers he ordered 5 beers 
how do they package bread at the bakery ? they baguette . 
thinking of calling crepes " frenchiladas " from now on who's with me 
i hear an important member of jehovah's witness died he's knocking on heaven's door 
women left at the alter near - mrs 
just got back from chernobyl and boy are my legs arms ! 
how does a german call an irishman ? komm , sean ! 
dogs have masters . cats have staff . 
i highly recommend anything . - stoners . 
ok redditors i need your best volleyball or nazi puns ! 
epic camping trip last weekend ! ! it was in tents . 
in capitalist america ... bank robs you ! 
if you fap on a plane is it hijacking ? 
oh tuesday . you are the director's cut of monday . 
whats the most dyslectic part of asia ? croatia ! 
what do the french call 4 20 ? 80 
one old song . a thousand old memories . 
what is a social justice warrior's favorite math subject ? triggernometry 
my girlfriend would never propose to me . she doesn't have the balls . 
what presidential candidate currently has a beard ? hillary clinton . 
beer before liquor , never sicker . toothpaste before orange juice , dead . 
i wish making friends didn't involve talking to strangers . 
why did the guitarist get life in prison ? he fingered a minor . 
why do nazis hate canadian summers ? they're mostly julys . 
anonymous declared war on isis ! they'll never know what hit em ... 
what are prehistoric monsters called when they sleep ? a dinosnore ! 
the colts ... 
angelina's twins photographed in public for first time 
i am liking the people from finland they always finish 
i cry at the end of sandwiches . 
america : where someone will eventually figure out how to fry vodka 
the key to great joke tel timing ! ling is 
what do you call the child of two redheads ? ginger bread 
anyone hear what russia is eating for christmas ? turkey ... too soon ? 
what is a horse's favorite condiment ? mayoneighs 
seems to me the guy who named sneakers was up to no good . 
what did the bird say after its cage fell apart ? cheap cheap ! 
how did ramadan go ? it went by pretty fast ! 
a blonde walked into a store . . she got a nose bleed . 
why couldn't the skeleton hurt itself ? because it didn't have the nerves . 
how much money did the bronco have ? only a buck ! 
what's trump's secret russian code name ? agent orange 
what type of fighting technique do amputees practice ? partial arts . 
* michael cera stubs his toe on a cotton ball * 
why are all german cats dead ? they have nein lives . 
palpatine what was your involvement in 9 11 ? flew it . 
i know how to pronounce worcestershire until i see it written . 
keep your eyes wide open before marriage , half shut afterwards . 
i dropped my toothpaste ! ... tom exclaimed , crestfallen . 
when a man hates takoyaki does it mean it is takoyucky ? 
i recently attempted the world record for masturbation . i nearly pulled it off 
a blowfly goes into a bar and asks ... is that stool taken ? 
paraguay - uraguay in the final would be so guay . 
if the narwhal bacons at midnight ... does the unicorn potato at noon ? 
2 stormtrooper are eating a wookie steak it was chewy 
i held a meeting for people who can't ejaculate but nobody came . 
why was the boat disobedient ? nobody gave it a stern talking to . 
funniest joke you will ever hear . you . 
if your dog is fat it means that you don't get enough exercise . 
you've probably heard this joke before . it's hilearious . 
where to dogs who lost their tails go ? to a retail store . 
a mod goes into a therapy for dyslexic people . . deelted 
i'm just typing some words in a box for you to look at . 
what's a theif's favorite dance move ? poppin locks 
i love italian jokes . they really help the day go . 
donalds trumps presidential campaign 
duct tape turning " no no no " into " mmm mmm mmm " 
what does a tire made of potatoes have ? an inner tuber . 
if you're asking me to choose sides , i'll always choose potato salad . 
never date an aztec woman . . they will rip your heart out . 
if tom cats refuse to eat their food are they boycatting it ? 
i sometimes hump random trees in hopes one will ejaculate keebler cookies . 
if you're having relationship problems , confess to god not facebook . 
what does a sick ninja practice ? kung flu 
how do people in iowa get elections ? by watching corn ! 
where do police put their drinks ? copholders 
why can't nietzsche use pencils ? because they're all pointless 
my rap name is when i lunch 
where do facts come from ? the factory . 
what kind of movie do mathematicians most often watch ? - rated movies 
when is jesse jackson going to notice how segregated neopolitan ice cream is ? 
why didn't the circle want to become 3 dimensional ? s'fe ar . 
why did the girl spray her clock ? it was full of ticks . 
who can watch an r rated movie but not a pg ? batman 
cleavage : the best popcorn catcher . 
where is the l in christmas ? there is noel 
who was the first carpenter ? eve , she made adam's banana stand . 
i promise to love you for better until things get worse . 
people who misuse apostrophes can go to he'll . oc 
show someone you hate them by buying them an edible arrangement . 
so i suppose obi - gyn kenobi would have used the forceps ? 
are you gluten or something ? because you're inbred 
it's official . i hate nickelback more than terrorism . 
what do you call the rapid growth of indian cities ? turbanisation 
what starts with r and ends with d ? removed 
i drive an audi to compensate for my innie . 
do white boys with dreadlocks know about garnier fructis ? 
my new diet consists in killing anyone who tells me i'm fat . 
what is zombie's favorite hiking snack ? entrail mix 
what is a hindu ? it lays eggs 
which chord is essential to every christian song ? gsus 
what's long and white ? the line to starbucks . 
it was a rainy day in california ... 
my underwear is spoiled . 
who's the biggest celebrity in the vegetable world ? ocra winfrey 
how does every racist joke begin ? * looks over both shoulders * 
where did zooey deschanel grow up ? in albu - quirky . 
the only girl who ever texts me ... is amber alert . 
in which month do women talk the least ? february . 
i think it would be great if ice cream licked you back . 
why is reddit full of liberals ? all the conservatives are out working . 
happy new year everyone ! sorry , i'm a premature congratulator . 
james bond is my favorite drunk , horny murderer . 
what is madonna's least favourite band ? get cape . wear cape . fly 
the atlanta falcons 
yo mommas so ugly . . scorpion said " stay over there " 
* eats banana seductively banana : i have a boyfriend 
i don't like haikus but i like ironic twists i am conflicted 
the absolute value of 0 is no laughing matter lol 
what never comes but always leaves ? my dates . 
she blinded me with science . okay , it was pepper spray . 
i just put my d in a subwoofer and wubbed one out 
heck . where you're darned to if you don't believe in gosh . 
austim is a lie fabricated by the illuminati and used to promote john cena 
are you free on saturday ? of course im free im american ! 
three helium atoms walk into a bar hehehe 
liar is such a harsh term , i prefer politician 
would you guys buy apple's new product for lumberjacks ? iwood . 
equality a woman's work is never done , that's why they earn less . 
terrorist threat level : porcupine 
accuse someone of denying everything . it's a hard one to fight . 
what do you give someone who is about to tear up ? tape 
i've taken up meditation it's better than sitting around doing nothing . 
why aren't pokemon very good dancers ? they can only learn 4 moves . 
made this one up today : knock knock i eat mop 
why do babies make bad mechanics ? they have poorly developed motor skills . 
americans are just canadians that someone fed after midnight . 
what critically acclaimed movie did zeus star in ? the godfather 
official r jokes announcement 
where do emos get their gaming gear ? razer . 
i went to a seminar on drilling methods yesterday ... boring ! 
what is michael bay's favorite move in chess ? c4 
the avengers must love daft punk they were up all night to get loki 
waking up this morning was an eye - opening experience . 
whenever i utter the word sober i wash my mouth out with alcohol . 
don't try " to " tell me how to use quotation marks . 
til today i learnt what til meant . 
what's a mathematicians worst nightmare ? an euler spill 
what is a moo hoo for steak that came late ? filet delay ! 
kids say the darnest things , said bill cosby . 
jose cuervo showed up at his girlfriend's house with a gun ... tequila 
my favorite yoga pose is the upward facing couch potato . 
oh stop it ! i'm not superficial . i'm just ficial . 
what do you call a hippie that can't cook ? burning ham ! 
chuck norris can't get through his steak breakfast without a fifth of whiskey . 
anger . it's all the rage . . 
what famous american filmmaker lived in a safe ? vault disney 
doc said my liver is failing but i think it's just not applying itself 
there are three things i hate ... * reposts * bullet lists * irony 
bro lets study on air plane why air plane for a higher education 
what's smokey the bear's middle name ? the . 
when life gives you dilemma make dilemma - nade 
why should you not shop for plywood ? you'll get bored . 
god hates fags the smoke annoys him . 
gary busey speaks in wingdings font . 
ama request : kurt cobain oh ... oh yeah thats right . 
anything is bite size if your mouth is big enough . 
what dino was known for having distinguished tastes ? a connosaur 
tomorrow : the best labor saving device of today . 
people who mispronounce grand prix ... ... are just grand pricks . 
what do you call kurt russel playing an archaeologist ? kurt fossil 
what was captain picard's favorite kind of train ? n - gauge . 
holiday typo : " give my beast to your lovely wife ! " 
we get it people on instagram you went outside congratulations 
tasteless joke nsfw knock knock , who's there ? two dead babies 
i thought i liked spheres then i realized they're pointless . 
nothing ruins your friday faster than realizing it's only wednesday . 
a mime that texts lol is dishonest . 
even better than breakfast cereal : lunch cereal and dinner cereal . 
volkswagen just introduced a new electric car ... it's called the volts wagon . 
i heard i'm so bad at making jokes . it's laughable . 
how do porcupines make love ? very , very carefully . 
damn , redditors are lazy ... they don't even finish their 
what do cats major in college ? string theory ! ! 
what kind of money do polar bears use ? ice lolly ! 
every baby deserves a fair shake . 
where is hitler's bathroom ? down ze hall on ze third reich ! 
what did the guy with bad internet get ? loading ... 
note to self : i am a note 
i love jokes about video games . they work on so many levels . 
donald trumps next book should be called ... the gift of the grab . 
i need a hobby where i say stuff and people follow me around . 
whats girls favorite language pythong 
i am much less afraid of jail when i'm drunk . 
what do you call tree sap that won't stop running ? forest gunk . 
how to capitalize on a bad situation . on a bad situation 
why was the tree soooo happy ? because he didn't arbor any feelings ! 
james bond . great spy ? or guy who gets captured every mission . 
where do ghost trains stop ? at devil crossings . 
what's left of a garden after it catches on fire ? chard remains . 
i have a contact lens problem . i have no contact lens solution . 
no one loves their kids equally . i use a curve system . 
what does a frog use to fish with ? a tad pole . 
i'm a die hard bruce willis fan . 
what do ghosts use to predict the future ? horror - scopes ! 
what is a recently divorced woman's favorite fruit ? mango ! 
howdeepisthepool ? he had too much to drink before he went swimming ! 
i was camping when i lost my virginity . it was in tents . 
i'm worried my dog will never find out who's a good boy . 
i read a study about how sleep deprivation causes false memories ... i think 
kim kardashian as first lady 
what to hear a joke about dementia ? pickles 
a power - tripping mod finds a comment he disagrees with ... deleted 
what's the downside of house arrest ? 
why was six scared of seven ? because seven " ate " nine . 
no one is born racist . racism is taught . by other races . 
what was joan of arc's hidden talent ? she could really cook . 
i wonder if strippers have nightmares about accidently going to work fully clothed . 
what do indians live in ? poverty . : 
i think i owe my right hand a valentines day card ! 
what do choosy moms choose ? abortion . 
chivalrous indian 
what's natalie portman's favorite element ? thorium . 
i like my pizza " chicago " style . full of bullet holes . 
feminist picnic ... no sandwiches were made . 
as sitting bull said to the mermaid . . . " how ? " 
sometimes i call meteors hot space potatoes and everyone just keeps ignoring me 
what do you get when you give chimp bluetooth ? chimp handsfree 
i am in no condition to drive . i'm a woman . 
90s kids won't get this , either ... psych ! 
woah ! brian williams fly is wide open ! newsflash . 
who takes the most drugs ? the police . 
you know what makes a lot of sense ? a dollar 
i don't think so unnamed henchman shooting at the main character . 
why can't you hear a red heads footsteps because they walk so gingerly 
white men can jump to conclusions . 
i'm " misinterprets hand gesture and accidentally high fives your fist " white . 
why do politicians take laxatives ? so they can speak more fluently 
nick cave is not on tinder because he's the grindr man . 
why hasn't beetle bailey retired from the army yet ? 
there are only 3 lawyer jokes . the rest are all true . 
here's what i do not understand spanish 
what did shakespeare name his pet pig ? hamlet . 
a faster than light neutrino knock , knock . who's there ? 
what do nuns do ? nunthing 
what belongs in the bank and doesn't exist ? my tax refund . 
what did the dog use to make his kite ? flypaper . 
october tenth is a day that i rate ... 10 10 
what is the kingsman policy on workplace relationships ? oc brogues before hos 
say gabe horn 
my abs are like tan pi 2 they're undefined . 
why are there so few casinos in africa ? too many cheetahs 
why don't bald guys with beards just walk upside down ? 
relationship status : negotiating with the dog to lease space in his flat . 
what's a donkeys favourite breakfast cereal ? mule - sli 
what does laundry day and the 1950's have in common color separation 
avenge me but only if it's convenient . 
my brother was born backwards ... his nose runs and his feet smell . 
what do ghosts use to phone home ? a terror - phone . 
why do pirates have trouble walking ? arrrr - thritis 
why did the baker get smelly fingers ? because he needed a poo . 
every time i read rofl i hear scooby doo trying to say waffle 
what do you call bacon wrapped frog legs ? the muppets 
my question is : how did she manage to forget the result ? 
my parent trap worked perfectly . i now have five parents . 
how does gravity greet itself ? it just waves 
replacing facebook with twitter is a bit like replacing caffeine with heroin 
what is the most useless superpower ? america . 
dear math , grow up and solve your own problems . 
whats got wrinkles and hangs out your undies ? your granny 
the saddest joke you've ever heard . president trump 
2015 was an odd year it will all even out this year though 
" you run like you're making fun of running . " - my brother 
why was hitler late to his meeting ? he couldn't heil a cab . 
what cheese is not yours ? not your cheese ... . 
fun fact about the saxophone : i'm lonely 
bad grammar makes me sic 
they should roast tom cruise sometime ... call it the cruise - ifixion 
hold on i'm about to count my money . alright i'm done . 
someone threw nacl at me that's a salt 
a smart liberal 
playing counter - strike at an airport in belgium " terrorists win . " 
why did the local university invite a foreign chemist ? florine talent . 
what's funnier than a crying baby ? a dead baby . 
i'm starting to forget how the alphabet goes ... abcdefghijklmfao ... . 
what do you call someone with down syndrome who is very depressed ? down 
i stole my friend's kidneys one night he'd be pissed , but he can't 
don't commit suicide , that's how people get killed . 
i'll do unspeakable things to you , baby , like vqtkjx and zqkpmr . 
if donald trump named his scrotum would it be called goldman sachs ? 
in a world full of lefts nothing would be right . 
4 women were working quietly on a project that's it 
the chicks better be hot on this mayan calendar . 
that awesome moment when you flip your pillow over to the cold side . 
what is harry potter's favorite ice breaker ? scar stories . 
what is a chefs weapon of choice ? a salt rifle 
what's steve irwin's least favorite movie ? * ray * sorry ... too soon 
jokes about cats freak meowt seriously , i'm not kitten . 
goodnight sweet prince 
whats a neckbeard's favorite city in spain ? m'dr id 
men are like roses . but watch out for the pricks . 
turtles think tortoises are pretentious as hell . 
what happened to the egg and his girlfriend ? they broke up . 
what do songwriters do after they die ? they decompose 
how does a women make you a millionaire ? you start as a billionaire 
jet fuel can't melt ellen pao user was banned for this post 
how do you get a man in a coma hard ? lick his comatoes 
a rainy friday is still better than a sunny monday ... 
. . which is why i start my sentences in the middle . 
" parkour ! " - me , after tripping over nothing on the sidewalk 
why don't people hang out with the mushroom ? he isn't a fungi . 
why did the viper viper nose ? because the adder adder hankerchief ! 
why are terrorists so popular at parties ? because they're the bomb 
what is the most common disease for lettuce ? icebergers 
words to live by what doesn't kill you , isn't in australia 
what do you call five african - americans born together ? triplets . 
ambidextrous baseball players ... swing both ways 
what's a golfer's favourite song ? fairway to heaven 
what's up ? some movie about an old guy and balloons . 
what sea creature is regularly featured in the walking dead ? coral 
russian women must be horny ... even their president's name is put in . 
german for constipated . farfrompoopin 
what was the currency of the trade republic of venice ? dogecoin . 
what is a toilet in ancient mexico ? aztec . 
why can't coffee conduct electricity ? because it is grounded 
where's eritrea ? up djibouti ! 
why is donald trump such a surprise ? people did nazi him coming . 
three cheers for rap music . hip hop ... - tim vine 
what did the ghost say on december 25th ? scary christmas ! 
i tried to copy a philosophical pun but i kant 
i've kept my new year's resolutions . 1680x1050 and 1280x800 . 
i'm currently on two different diets because with just one i'm always hungry 
what did the dyslexic chemist do ? he drank h20 , too ! 
mr . t went to the toilet i pity the stool 
what's the definition of irony ? an incongruity between expectation and result . 
are you a sheep cause your body is unbaaaaalievable 
i've been reading the dictionary . spoiler alert : " zyzzyva " ! ! 
tifu don't know why she legally changed her name to up though . 
what do you call a pediatrist speeding in michigan lead foot 
if a geologist is in deep schist , it probably isn't very gneiss 
best part of twenty sever year olds . theres twenty of them . 
hi , i'm a zombie , can i eat you out ? 
best sunscreen ever ... xbox 360 
i'm in shape . round is a shape isn't it 
what's a cats favorite song ? 3 blind mice 
i bet cats think people wish they were cats . 
where does a redditor get most of his news from ? the hydraulic press 
what's a pirate's favourite amino acid ? arrrginine 
perhaps charles manson is a selfless lover . you don't know . 
i will not rest until i've finished this nap ! 
why were there balloons in the bathroom ? there was a birthday potty . 
trust me , i'm a liar . lawyer , i meant lawyer . 
what does che guevara call his house ? chez guevara 
what is reddit's favorite pirate ? neckbeard 
why shouldn't you believe a person in bed ? because he is lying . 
what kind of peanuts get warts ? planters . 
i was going to tell a dull pencil joke but it's pointless 
how does kendall jenner celebrate father's day ? she doesn't . 
a movie ticket for baby should cost at least 50 . 
sometimes you have to end a relationship because of the way they chew . 
what a bad year ... still can't believe they changed the instagram logo 
homophobia is a sacred union between a man and his bigotry . 
never moon a werewolf 
star wars spoiler ! darth vader is luke's father 
how do jamaican's end their prayers ? ey mon . 
what is a pirate's favorite letter ? u , for unoriginal joke . 
how do buddhist monks compare interests ? with zen diagrams ! 
i just sneezed so hard that i'm now two seconds in the future . 
why sachin tendulkar never sweat ? because he has huge fans ! 
excuse me , here's your nose . i found it in my business . 
where does christopher walken like to smoke cigars ? a walken humidor . 
what's the best benefit of working for isis ? early retirement 
stop calling hurricanes names , you're just giving them the attention that they want 
europe is looking amazing right now . it lost a few pounds recently . 
the parents with the ugliest babies take and post the most pictures . 
how do you get to east berlin take the third right 
what do refugees drink ? foreignade . 
why can't deer get marred ? because they can't elope 
i've lost more friends to candy crush than crystal meth . 
where do you send bad russian cows ? the moolag 
hey north carolina , watcha doin this weekend ? nothing 
droopy drawers by lucy lastic 
what do you call a wireless network that goes down ? a wireless notwork 
what did adele say when asked where her dog is ? groomer has it 
in a committed relationship with carbs . 
mark , my words . * mark brings me a dictionary * thanks mark 
brains aren't everything . in your case they're nothing . 
what was cher doing before she was born ? she was a preacher . 
beer isn't a solution unless you're a chemist . 
i'm going for lasik surgery tomorrow really looking forward to it . 
what's a doll in hell called ? barbiecue . 
graphic designers just aren't my type . 
how did reggie rocket's brother die ? otto erocket asphyxiation 
frownie wink wins for most confusing emoji 
sacajawea was the original google maps 
i was searching for bear photos when i made a grizzly discovery 
what's the difference between whitney houston and amy winehouse ? about 204 days . 
can woman make man a millionaire ? yes , if he is a billionaire 
why do mountains make people laugh ? because they're hill - areas ! 
i like to finish other people's sentences because my version is better . 
what did the bad soccer announcer get in his stocking ? cooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooal ! 
what do you call two siblings that take your money ? fine brothers 
sees kid hitting pinata me : wow he really hates horses 
what does every pirate hate ? a small chest with no booty . 
what's hitler's favorite football team ? forty nein ers . 
why did the window blush ? because it could see the weather changing . 
hey , everyone in a minivan - - hit the gas ! 
who is a cow and horses favorite artist ? moo nay ! 
why did the sheriff arrest the tree ? because its leaves rustled . 
write pizza as all the answers for homework because pizza is always the answer 
you never really forget how to misquote sayings . it's like buying a bicycle 
reddit has become very clickbaity lately tricked you . 
obama sure is waiting until the last minute to take everyone's guns . 
what is a suicide bombers worse fear ? dying alone ... 
a man with amnesia starts a joke ... 
why was the broom late ? it overswept . * badjokesbestjokes . * 
what did stephen hawking name his new hair salon the curl up and dye 
what are the best white people jokes you have ? 
wishing charlie sheen a full recovery from his addiction to awesome fun . 
the hardest part of hypochondriacs anonymous is admitting you don't have a problem . 
how many books can a blind man read ? brailly any ! 
what kind of bath can you take without water ? a sun bath . 
how many push - ups can chuck norris do ? all of them . 
they say attractiveness is relative ... my cousin seemed to disagree 
what do you call someone who take things literally a kleptomaniac ! 
with age comes wisdom ... ... but sometimes age comes alone . 
why was the doctor stressed ? he was losing his patients 
what does beyonce bake her cookies on ? aluminatti foil 
what's north koreas favorite drinking game ? pong - yang . 
what does dracula write on his christmas cards ? best vicious of the season 
i got dressed ... i'm a changed man now . 
what happens if santa lost his balls he doesn t sing jingle bells anymore 
why was the ghost sad on halloween ? he ain't have no boo 
at my age getting lucky means having the house to myself 
did you hear about the blind engineer ? who built the taj mahal 
being popular on facebook is like being the smartest kid in summer school . 
why does my abusive mother hate vegetables ? beats me . 
what did hermoine say when she found out she's pregnant ? fetus abortus ! 
what city has the biggest amount of mistakes per capita ? uppsala 
people say i never explain myself enough ... 
how does the hulk make money ? he flips houses . 
do one person every day that scares you . 
" i'm so wasted ! ! " vegetables in my refrigerator . 
what's the most immature gaming console ? ninutendo 69 
the penguin is mightier than the swordguin . 
what do you get a man who has everything ? a good urologist . 
how does cheese get more mature ? fromage 
the bad weather kept my friend edward from going to work today he's snowden 
what's the difference between autumn and fall ? the twin towers didn't autumn 
what is steve job's favorite food ? * nothing because he's dead * 
there's a new police bar in town . i hear it's very copular . 
why the largest state in us has their own airlines ? alaska 
remember how much you used to like this song ? - car ads . 
i'm russian when stalin for food 
treat your women like your smartphone touch them a lot . 
" i'm independent " said the jamaican , showing me his initialised necklace . 
ferguson jokes ... are always a riot . 
thor is definitely one of my top 5 favorite movies about hammers . 
a cow made a joke but it was too cheesy 
an amazing talking dog 
what is the most effective form of birth control ? abortions . 
how are women like 90 degrees ? they're always right . 
what's hillary clinton's key to success ? the delete key 
what's harambe's favourite retail store ? target 
tom brady got punished more than ray rice because he beat a whole team 
what if sun screen is really just a seasoning rub created by aliens . 
we're not lost we're on lo st 
i hate the part of the conversation where the other person says things . 
what's in a divorce fruit salad ? alemony 
why did hitler called it ethnic cleansing ? he showered them . 
what do you call a woman who dyes her hair red ? transginger . 
what has 100 legs and 3 teeth ? a centipede on meth . 
how do you define an aardvark ? aan aanimal that resembles an aanteater ! 
what's a polar bear's favourite soup ? a laksa . 
when confronted , people in wheelchairs never seem to stand up for themselves . 
i wish u could kill cops in mario kart 
siri , does this look infected ? 
nice job , whoever chose the word " monosyllabic " for that . 
two men walk into a bar ... they're blind , it happens . 
how do werewolves mark their territory ? lycanthropee 
trump's campaign promises that's it 
what kind of food do zombies hate ? fast food 
typographers will appreciate this stereotype 
whats the difference between you and a bucket of turds ? the bucket 
i saw kony kissing santa claus 
what's the policy at french morgues ? baguette and tag it . 
what does it look like when someone is drowning ? lol 
what brand of vacuum cleaner does snoop dogg use ? bissell 
ellen pao right now deleted 
ninety - nine percent of lawyers give the rest a bad name . 
my sixth birthday party was so formal that we roberted for apples 
with sufficient thrust , pigs fly just fine . 
what did internet man say to other internet mam " dank meme " 
gross . now i can't eat salmonilla without thinking about eggs . 
josh dugger more like josh diddler 
sneezed . nobody blessed me . going to hell . 
why sacrifice virgins ? because they've done nothing to deserve it . 
what's a bridges favourite genre of film ? suspense tion 
wanna know how i escaped iraq ? iran 
i got high during detention today . the teacher made me do lines . 
when a weeping willow dies does it become mourning wood ? 
the tree in my front yard is allergic to bees it always get hives 
i'm confused ... square box , round pizza but triangle slices . 
went to my daughter's netball finals yesterday . what a semi . 
where would we be in the world without humour ? germany . 
countries i can't believe japan have not attacked : wales 
what kind of fish is the worst friend ? the sel - fish 
what kind of beer does a cow brew ? heifer - weizen . 
what kind of dog is best at keeping secrets ? hush puppies 
we should hang out and stare at our phones . 
kim jong un recently banned the blues scale ... he hates seoul music 
what's the best way to reheat turkey ? nuke it . 
i'm giving up spellcheck for lant 
friends are forever . until they get in a relationship . 
how did the woman feel after her legs were amputated ? defeeted 
what movie aspect ratio do cats prefer ? litterbox . 
what does a vulcan lawnmower need to function ? a spock plug . 
like most pale people i will be occupying the indoors this summer . 
what do you call a roman emperor with epilepsy ? julius seizure 
why do meth heads love halloween ? three sleeps till christmas ! 
i think i've discovered my supersymmetric partner . 
do you have eggs for breakfast ? kevin bacon 
remember : before you were mommy's little darling you were daddy's little squirt . 
facebook : the only book teens read these days . 
don't die a virgin . well it's not like you get to choose . 
why couldn't the chicken come to dinner ? he didn't seem truss worthy . 
i made a joke about periods the other day it was bloody awful 
what do communists do on may day ? paint the town red . 
kate upton as the spokesperson for game of war 
with twitter , who needs imaginary friends ? 
if adhd is heritable , is it therefore energenetic ? 
what gave hitler a heart attack ? seeing his gas bill 
what's adam sandler's favorite salsa ? medium pace 
it's so cold ... i saw a gangsta pulling up his pants 
what mouse was a roman emperor ? julius cheeser ! 
the government could have bailed out hostess - by legalizing weed 
how long do i microwave these turtles before i can teach them karate ? 
americans won't get this free healthcare 
how do you please an amish woman ? give her two mennonite 
how to prove jokeexplainbot is actually a human ? 
what blood type do people from taiwan have ? taipei 
what does a white girl with a lisp say ? yaaathh 
" there can only be one ! " - arab eyebrows 
when is an aardvark jumpy ? when he's got ants in his pants ! 
how do trains from different countries understand each other ? with a trainslator 
why is the pharaoh a rare tuba player ? because he toots uncommon . 
dear time , more weekend please . 
twerking is the crocs of dancing . 
i love doing crunches . * crunches doritos * * crunches popcorn * 
why was the pencil teacher always confused ? 
what is a pokemon's favourite place to go in france ? paras 
what do you call a privileged post office ? cis white mail 
there's a thin line distinguishing " heroes " from " herpes " 
why do we carve pumpkins for halloween ? because they're less bloody . 
neither candidate addressed the fact that we have a hulk 
what is space like without a space suit ? breathtaking 
til why conservatives don't use birth control . boys don't get pregnant . 
sorry i broke up with you in the middle of a corn maze 
drinking makes some husbands see double and feel single . 
what does as electronic engineer make for breakfast ? ohmlettes 
i always hate going to my rastafarian friends house its dreadful 
how to tell if your wife is mad at you 1 . she is 
i tried herbal tea at office today it tastes herbal . 
what do use to lure really big fish ? master bait 
which movie is on every man's bucket list ? die hard 
why do i only ran through campsites ? because it's past tents 
i cried when i cut up onions ... onions was a good dog . 
how did the mongols get to europe ? steppe by steppe . 
i have so much astronomy work it's out of this world . 
who did they cast as the hulk " s dog ? bark roofalo 
baby , you make my floppy disk turn into a hard drive 
what do you get when you mix nosleep with eye bleech . sleep bleech 
whats brown and sounds like a bell ? duuuuuuu nnnnnnnggggg nnnnggg nnnggg nnnggg 
what do you call a positive transformer ? optimist prime 
why did bossy slug roy rogers ? she heard he was a cowpuncher ! 
what grows on the world wide web and stings ? internettles . 
why were all the other vegetables afraid of celery ? because celery stalks 
what's the only type of dog that doesn't bark ? a dogfish ! 
ban land mines now ! it's time to put our foot down . 
a man dies of an overdose of viagra they couldn't close his coffin ... 
tifu : i got the wrong zoo magazine oops wrong sub 
lpt : never take advice from people on reddit . not even this . 
i'm claustrophobic ... i'm afraid of santa . 
what did the horse get on his blood test b neigh - getive 
alcohol : because no great story ever started with someone eating salad . 
i totally had gender with a girl . thesaurus 
do you love multiple trees ? ... no . i'm mahogamous . 
i just found out how babies are made . gross ! 
how can you open a banana ? with a monkey ! 
not to 1up you but * drops green mushroom on your head * 
hipsters were tensious before it was cool . because they're pretentious . 
what commercials are the longest ? viagra 
sticks and stones may break my bones but words can summon demons 
did you hear about that earthquake yesterday ? i heard it was groundbreaking . 
what is a hairdresser's favorite herb ? salontro 
i just installed a marijuana app it has kush notifications . 
i'm a wreck if i don't get my full 18 hours of sleep 
what do zombie college students eat ? raw - men 
went to the corner shop ... bought four corners . 
how does a girl vampire flirt ? she bats her eyes . 
what us state has a lot of dirty laundry ? washington 
some penguins also can't fly because of their previous statements on hamas and afghanistan 
if smoking is so bad for you how come it cures salmon ? 
which hotel does link use when he goes on vacation ? the hyat 
i'm a optimist ... at least i think so 
have you ever traveled in time ? how about now ? 
how does vladimir putin like his thanksgiving turkey ? nuked 
where can a hand refuel its car ? at a fist pump . 
what do you find in a zombie's veins ? dead blood corpuscles . 
how do bunny rabbits like their beer brewed ? with lots of hops ! 
two tools watched tv , one saw . 
what happens when peter pan tries to throws punches ? they neverland . 
9 10 redditors are idiots i'm glad to be the 1 
what is a kinda cool vegetable ? radish 
why was jesus the father of exercise ? because he was cross fit 
you want to see something intense ? visit a campground . 
so there comes a man at the bakery ... bakery closed . 
what is shakespeare's favourite snack ? hamlet du fromage 
my wife is a magician she turned our car into a tree . 
the worst part of the robot uprising will be the constant software updates 
are you human ? sorry i am dancer 
i need a hug e amount of cash money 
what shoes does ninjas use ? sneakers . 
i had a failed amputation ... costed me an arm and a leg . 
the comedian made an entire audience laugh without speaking a single word no joke 
what do you call 2 white girls a starbucks ? basic math 
what can save russian bear snow den . 
there's a hotel with no bathrooms its called the holdinit inn 
op is in labour . still can't deliver . 
what's a skunk's favourite game in school ? show and smell ! 
what do communist leaders call protesters ? red paint . 
why is money called dough ? because we all knead it . 
you're a jehova's witness ? what was jehova accused of ? 
catch pokemon ? no thanks . i'm std - free . 
i had a joke about the baltimore riots but someones already stolen it : 
i named my house " shape " , now i'm always in shape . 
what's a baby hen called ? chic hen 
" we need to talk " . thought the caveman . 
why do the french like easter ? because it's such a bonne idee . 
he called me ugly ... . i called him an ambulance . 
reddit , you are too cool ... ... you give me frostbite . 
the duracell bunny was in deep trouble ... he just got charged with battery 
arguing politics is like trying to convince someone that their baby isn't cute . 
babies are just footballs that can cry . 
these egyptian fireworks are nice . oh wait , they are planes . 
my heart say " yes " but my mom says " no " 
what instant coffee and sasha grey have in common ? 3 in 1 
what's the welsh word for shearing a sheep ? foreplay 
this week , paleontologists discovered a blind dinosaur they named him doyouthinkhesaurus 
my uncle is either a good taxidermist or a bad vet . 
say hello to my little friend * holds up a cat * 
food service workers should be completely hairless at all times . 
i'm fantastic in bed i can stay asleep for 15 hours ! 
what is it called when you kill a good friend of yours ? homiecide 
what's a norwegian's favourite car ? a fjord fjesta 
why did the blonde call an exterminator ? her computer had a bug ... 
how do you get the most apples at halloween ? take a snorkel . 
how do you know a car is from poland ? the polish . 
a man walks into a bar and stays there my entire childhood 
crabs only walk that way when people are looking at them 
what do you call an anti - diuretic wine ? penot more 
what's it like being frozen to absolute zero ? it's 0k . 
a clickbait walks into a bar ... you won't believe what happened next ! 
i'm not letting anyone into my head until i've cleaned up the place . 
why does africa never win olympics because it's a continent , you idiot 
brexit's new vowels aio since it left e u 
how can you get rich by eating ? eat fortune cookies . 
what's a lawyer's favourite pastry ? suet 
where does the internet football team play ? webley . 
what does a rich fat englishman gain ? lots of pounds . 
despite whatever gene simmons says , chuck norris is doctor love . 
why didn't the indian grow facial hair ? he would have apache beard 
what do iphones eat for breakfast ? siri - al 
cool funny jokes don't miss em 
chuck norris doesn't get hangovers . he just gets pissed . 
you won't drink away the alcoholism . 
i eat when i'm sad and i'm sad because i'm fat . 
what did the drowning number theorist yell ? log log log log 
not to be vague , but stuff and things 
i love 2 - packs of coors thug life . 
what kind of fish does google have in their lobby ? betta s 
frog parking only . all others will be toad . 
what shoe size does a quadriplegic wear ? 26 " rims 
exactly when in american history did americans stop having british accents ? 
what did uk say while leaving ? it's not eu , it's me 
why did bruce jenner become invisible ? because he's a transparent . 
shouldn't godzilla be fighting satanzilla ? 
love helps to kill time . and time helps to kill love . 
what's bigfoot's favourite exercise in the gym ? sasquats 
what european city is home to the most indians ? buddha - pest . 
drugs don't ruin people's lives , drug tests do . 
a football supporter's favourite christmas song ? yule never walk alone 
what's the longest piece of furniture in the school ? the multiplication table . 
there is little hope for the person who becomes addicted to cold turkey . 
the one joke that i just dont get so how bout that airline food 
smooth farmer whats a farmers best dating advice ? a tractor 
what do you call an amputee that can't answer riddles ? stumped 
yo mama so fat she's got her own area code ! 
who did alaska vote for ? berrrnie sanders h t : wife 
congress looks like the worst group project ever . 
what did the whistleblower say after the blizzard in russia ? i'm snowden ! 
my girlfriend is a keeper . she's perfect , but i never score . 
what food can tell you if a girl is pregnant ? chickpea 
what letter appears most frequently in the word canada ? 
you can't fix stupid but you can divorce it 
three goats walked into a stop n shop . 
what kind of fruit can't get married ? a cantleope 
how does a french person sneeze ? adieu ! 
til i'm hung like a baby . 7 lbs . 9 oz . 
the trouble with kids these days ... ... is that they can't even . 
i'm not a doctor , but i play one on eharmony . 
what do you call one of santa's helpers ? a subordinate clause 
i love my ribcage . it is very close to my heart . 
jus waited for a stop sign to turn green 
lifes all fun and games till you realize casper's a dead child . 
very few people actually have celiacs . they're usually pretty stern . 
whats a baby's favourite temperature ? womb tempertaure 
god created the light ... then he called it a day . 
why did dracula need medicine ? because he was coffin . 
what do ghosts like about riding horses ? ghoulloping . 
why did the dolphin kill himself ? a lack of porpoise . 
are you ready to be disappointed ? 
i used to hate having athlete's foot ... ... but it's growing on me 
might buy a junkyard just to grow my own junk food . 
my friend grabs something in my pocket it was deez nuts 
autoerrection has saved my life 
jessica simpson has already taught her daughter everything she knows . 
i can't remember my memory ever being this good i think 
read more answer me this jokes 
why was the intelligent heineken upset ? cus the bud's wiser . 
why did aristotle hate french fries ? they were fried in ancient grease ! 
unpopular opinion : this joke is bad 
my new haircut is really starting to grow on me 
how's it like living in a totalitarian regime ? can't complain . 
what gets uglier the more you watch it ? yo momma stripping 
i've just bought a house with period features she hates that nickname . 
what do you do with dead chemists ? barium 
the mullet is a helmet for domestic violence . 
makes eye contact with someone through crack in bathroom stall hey 
i'm not saying it is your fault , i said i'm blaming you . 
* spits out animal cracker * this doesn't even taste like hippo . 
my wife worships me she puts burnt offerings in front of me everyday 
i have really bad gambling withdrawals i take out about 400 a week 
the best halloween costume of the year goes too ... bruce jenner ! 
honey you're like my gps ... i'd be lost without you . 
i ate 4 lunch ladies before someone explained that's not what they're for . 
do i believe in free will ? well i have no choice . 
nigerian billionaire helps rescue failing banks 
you don't love dunkin donuts coffee , you love heavy cream . 
tony abbot 
being eaten by zombies sounds less painful than running away from zombies . 
why does bernie sanders only drink skim milk ? he can't stand the 1 
which article of clothing is the most ghetto ? a hoodie . 
know any swedish jokes ? i've heard they don't finnish very well 
what do you call snacks served at a brothel ? whore d'oe uvres 
why do little boys whine ? because they're practicing to be men . 
in people's republic of korea ... dog eat you ! 
it's only wednesday and i'm already 94 done with this week . 
what's the favorite whiskey of unidan ? jackdaw niel's 
a math quip you couldn't tell an asymptote from a hole in the graph 
r nowifi there seems to be nothing here 
why do bees hum ? because they've forgotten the words ! 
" use divorce , luke . " " " obi wan , marriage counselor 
mathematically , the difference between jelly and jam is ... j elly - am 
we should just rename television viewing " watching geico commercials " . 
here's a joke about my senior year of college . i tried . 
what do you call a cat wearing shoes ? puss in boots ! 
so a bar walks into a physicist ... shoot wrong frame of reference ... 
why was hitler a great comedian ? cuz you can't spell slaughter without laughter 
john oliver ? that guy's so last week 
i tried telling a joke to messi but he missed the point 
structural engineering because architects don't know what physics is . 
why did the banker bee go to prison ? embuzzlement ! you're damn right 
maybe if i tilt my head to the side i can understand english dogs 
who abhors a vacuum more than nature ? a cat . 
i have a bad ping . it might be terminal . 
what's the first thing a blonde does in the morning ? walks home . 
everyone has a friend who laughs funnier than he jokes . 
fred durst is starting a lawn care company . it's called rake stuff . 
a british major is stationed in the desert with his troops ... 
can anyone give me a russian - english bilingual pun ? 
i never get the silent treatment when i really want it . 
i'm from the friendzone originally but now i live in the bae area . 
just watched starwars the force awakend it felt kind of forced 
made a jesus joke . nailed it . 
what do troll mathematicians like to solve ? parabolems ? 
what is a poet's favorite legume ? rhyma - beans ! 
holding baby haha oh whoa i thought he'd be slimey but he's really dry 
what was bruce lees vegetarian brothers name ? broco lee 
are rhetorical questions really necessary ? 
we all say tomato . there is no alternate pronunciation . 
why does government matter ? it doesn't . 
what's a penguins favorite relative ? his aunt artica ! 
i was engaged to a zombie but it fell apart . 
what is a chiropractor's favorite chemical element ? knee - on ! 
my wife can suffer in silence louder than anyone i know . 
i'm up all night to get lucky , my dog that ran away 
what do you call a gorilla that's hair is two different colors ? harambre 
voldemort : so i just have to lie ? pinocchio : yep 
today must be my lucky day ... i found 95 in the urinal . 
why can't an angle lease an apartment alone ? because he has to cosign 
: - - - emoticon for " i'm eating a brillo pad " 
a clock asked another clock out ... he was timezoned 
weekend my life is a constant cycle of waiting for the weekend . 
farewell to the last original piece of joan rivers ... her soul 
i don't smoke , so i take " screaming " breaks at work . 
why do skunks celebrate valentines day ? because they are very scentimental . 
steve buscemi always looks like he suffers from an intestinal parasite . 
why don't renovators paint floors ? it's beneath them . 
of all the cars in italy ... mussolini's is the fascist . 
i love comcast . jokes over . 
why did jesus go to a candy shop ? to test a mint 
i use to have mad cow disease but i'm alright nooooooooooooooooooow . 
i'm leaving reddit 
cannibalism is a real thrill nail - biting from start to finish . 
which is the saltiest fish ? tuna 
why do woman out live men ? they don't have wives 
im new here 
what's the difference between children and isis ? drones can't tell either 
what does santa say when he is sick ? oh oh no ! 
whos your future husband or wife mine reddit alien 
what did people call putin after he lost an arm ? amputin 
what's next to england ? a question mark . 
tifu by messing up someone's sandwich order whoops , wrong sub ! 
chuck norris makes onions cry when he cuts them up . 
wanna hear my vegetable joke ? nah , it's too corny . 
98 of lawyers give the other 2 a bad name 
i'm not a reddit admin ... but 20 mcnuggets is 20 mcnuggets 
i think lgbt sounds too much like a sandwich . 
how often do chemists use hio4 ? periodically 
so amish people just yell their tweets from the top of their barns ? 
* makes pinatas that look like people's exes * retires a billionaire 
which country has a drug - addicted king ? hyrule . 
what is that thing called when your crush likes you back ? imagination . 
" everyday i'm mumblin " - bane 
i lost all my pokemon cards in a fire i only have ash now 
what's north america's most famous red wine ? give back our land ! 
my cute kitten aww , wrong sub . 
what is the worst race of ghosts ? ... spooks 
what do you call a lion in the circus . a carny - vore 
she like , literally died . white girls headstones 
what do you call freshly made cheese ? goudas - new 
i love puns about england ... they really brighton my day . 
my boss called in sick today he must have went to disneyland . 
started a new exercise routine yesterday . so far i've only missed one day 
i started a camp for kids with adhd . it's a concentration camp . 
why didn't vietnam return to feudalism following 1975 ? cause charlie don't serf . 
can't find my belt so i'll just need to get fatter . 
there's no place like home . to poop 
you learn something new everyday unless you go to faith school 
what's the most political particle ? * elect * rons 
i'm responsible for 84 of all cat videos currently available on youtube . 
have you guys seen the petrified forrest ? those trees are scared ! 
one could say that brexit has been ... ... quite secessful . 
my liam nissan is missing from the parking lot it's been taken 2014 
what did disney call their remake of dante's inferno ? 101 damnations 
draftkings fanduel anyone know where i can find a promo code ? 
met a microbiologist this morning he was bigger than i expected . 
i can't let my girlfriend leave me i'd lose a hand 
what's an american's favourite day of the week ? fryday . 
i make apocalypse jokes ... like there's no tomorrow 
how do we know hamburgers have high iq's ? they loin fast ! 
why are erectile dysfunction jokes so unfunny ? they're not hard to make . 
where do really smart birds roost ? in a dictonaerie . 
why is . dr . dre's headphones so popular ? beats me . 
9 11 was an inside job ! 10 did it 
mummy vampire : jimmy hurry up and drink your soup before it clots . 
if a genie ever gives me three wishes , goodbye kardashians . 
what is a dogs favourite flower ? anything in your garden ! 
mad props to new york for dressing up as new orleans for halloween . 
what is a drill team ? a group of dentists who work together . 
what does joe biden say as he is leaving his house ? biden 
what did the network engineer give to his fiancee ? a token ring . 
what advice does jay leno receive when sad ? chin up pal . 
who do women produce milk for ? the baby and the dad . 
canadian what to do when a canadian throws a grenade for you ? 
" hermit crab " describes me twice . 
i have high friends in places . 
i will not sleep until i find a cure for my insomnia . 
my lasagna just took a picture of me and posted it on instagram 
god inventing iguanas maybe humans are done dealing with dinosaurs , but ants aren't 
started my own brewery kindof just pour root beer into square bottles . 
don't anthropomorphize your pets ... they hate it when you do that . 
friends don't let friends make harlem shake videos ... 
sometimes i feel like a semi - colon i don't know where i belong 
can't believe it's 2012 and still possible for me to cut myself shaving . 
the person who invented knocking should win the nobell prize 
what do you call a dog that goes to the beach ? ballroom blitz 
what was jesus's least favorite bone ? the blasfemur 
who is gary johnson ? i don't aleppknow 
what's the most common way to trigger a feminist ? right away . 
how does super mario contact the dead ? he uses a luigi board . 
why is this joke bad for the environment ? because it wasn't recycled . 
spell extra wise in two letters . yy 2 y's 
so , two neutrinos walk through a bar ... 
my wife hired a fact checker for when we argue . 
how many syllables does the word " gloria " have ? catholics : 18 
apologies to general tso for what i'm about to do to his chicken . 
haters gonna hate , potaters gonna potate . 
bernie sanders is elected president lt joke gt 
hey girl , how bout some head ? - henry viii 
i've been bitten ! by a . flea 
my dad only lets me keep 2 pet ravens at a time nevermore 
why can't you keep a secret in a cornfield ? there's too many ears 
nobody is happy . be like nobody . 
humour is of two types below the belt and above the forehead . 
can i favorite people's favorites of me ? looking for more affirmation . 
make a last request ! ! 
what are some great video game jokes ? 
what is scooby doo's favorite program language ? ruby ruby roo ! 
wanna hear a joke ? donald trumps presidential candidacy . 
typing in all caps optional 
what is brazil's favorite game right now ? hide and go zika 
crocodiles can grow up to 20 feet but most have just four . 
why does josh brown beat his wife ? just for kicks 
what's a vampire cows worst fear ? steaks . 
just won a nobel prize for untangling a pair of apple earbuds . 
what is the most common french saying ? " nous abandonnons " 
* hangs a vacant sign on your forehead * 
what did the ocean ask the scooba diver ? water you doing here ? 
the first joke i wrote and performed http : youtu . be jenblyj6eok 
the letter e is used frequently and infrequently . 
someone just accused me of being schizophrenic . i'm beside myself ! 
a man walks into a bar . now he watches where he's going . 
tifu by punching out my brother oops , wrong sib 
how do bulls drive their cars ? they steer them ! 
what was the philosopher's favorite toy growing up ? playdough . 
what's the best defense against britney spears ? brooke shields . 
why do tennis players have cold hands ? they have bad mittens . 
change is hard so don't throw coins . 
my wife hates it when i introduce her as my ex - girlfriend . 
cop cars should play the jaws theme song 
if i weren't such a genus i'd be more specific . 
the french word for shoe insole is semelle , which they often do . 
still up can't sleep thinking about how i can infuse kush into shampoo 
why couldn't the pony speak clearly ? he was a little hoarse . 
friday the 13th today do not visit summer camp . 
who does christopher reeve wish he could be ? christopher walken 
if iron man and silver surfer teamed up they would be alloys 
insert shtty joke here nsfw 
who is every lumberjack's favourite director ? timburrrton ! 
adam sandler walks into a shoe shop " i'll take the sandals please " 
what did the blue priest say to the red peasant ? wolololo wolololo ! 
anyone know someone who owns an ark ? i think i noah guy ... 
what do you call a fish that stands out ? out of plaice . 
why does father time wear bandages ? because day breaks and night falls . 
i don't like dodecahedrons they are too edgy for me . 
running in front of cars some sort of gang initiation for dogs ? 
finally figured out that yolo is carpe diem in douchebag . 
whats a weightlifters favorite kind of math ? algebruh ! 
i tried being selfless . it's not for me . 
i tried to be friends with my computer mouse but he's too cliquey . 
lol at people with only 99 problems what's that like ? 
who called it the nhl instead of the just ice league 
i'm going to slide down your chimney tonight . wink . wink . 
why does a rooster watch tv ? for hentertainment ! 
what's a linguist's favorite beverage ? ipa 
what do you put in a www . ashing machine ? net curtains ! 
slipped on a tube of toothpaste this morning . i was crestfallen . 
why do people say look when they want me to listen ? 
where does charlie sheen shop ? at winners . 
ted cruz is going to be in a movie dummy does dallas 
after this winter i'm so excited for spring ... i wet my plants 
what do selfies make me want to do ? shoot myself 
you say pigs can't fly ... but swine flu ! 
so a virgin priest and a virgin nun walk into a bar . 
atheists are missing the boat . without god you're responsible for your actions . 
a new study suggests that a future study will completely contradict this study . 
what kind of khakis do birds wear ? khakaws ! 
yo momma so fat i'm really starting to get worried about her health . 
you know whats scarier than a bee chasing you because i dont 
what does pinocchio have for breakfast ? oakmeal 
i wonder what the parking situation is at the special olympics ? ... . 
do you know why the european stock markets are sliding down ? greece . 
where did the irish guy get cancer ? in his prostatoe . 
diplomacy is the art of letting someone else get your way . 
samsung have done well with the galaxy note 7 sales are blowing up ! 
i hate people who talk behind my back . they discussed me 
what is the densest metal on earth ? donald trump . 
a : 1 : s : 7 : " retweet " i : 4 
i have now been sober for eighteen months . not in a row ... 
wynona ryder was great in stranger things . she stole the show 
just did my first stand up comedy routine ever . ama . 
what will reddit never know ? victoria's secret ... 
i've got a joke - women's rights ... 
paul walker was a great guy throwing a barbecue street side for free 
what is the fonz's blood type ? a 
what is mozart doing right now ? de - composing 
what's an arborists favorite side dish ? can o peas . 
even maintaining a sims character is too much pressure for me . 
i can always count on the local cemetery for free mother's day flowers . 
what is forrest gump's favorite pasta ? pennay ! 
how does an irishman's future look like ? very blight . 
why is apple afraid of microsoft ? because 7 8 10 
the untamed tiger by claudia armoff 
i hate watching termites . they're boring . 
i want to visit north korea one day ... before everything goes south . 
my favorite musician pun : lather , rinse : 
what does an internet frog say ? reddit reddit 
what did you think of our website ? a little bit tacky . 
why french fighter jet are name phantom ? because they don't exist . 
people against queuing , now thats a cause i can get behind ! 
i take my women just how i take my hair conditioner with silicone 
don't be russian or you'll be stalin 
56 of brazil is covered in rainforest the rest is covered by manuel neuer 
what do you call a bee that was born in the usa ? usb 
my friend just joined isis i was always bothered by his sunni disposition 
what gets higher with age ? willie nelson 
* gets disqualified for biting opponent's ear on a chess tournament * 
philosophers have really good depth perception ! 
joke regarding canada what's a canadian's favourite weapon ? an eh k - 47 
sometimes in the mornings i have dirty thoughts about a dead girlfriend mourning wood 
i'm pretty confident i can perform this appendectomy on myself . thanks youtube 
what is worse to injest than e coli ? broc coli 
i tried a new fragrance today . it's called tester . 
i'll never understand cannibalism ... but to eat your own . 
the sushi at my local deli is to die of . 
what is hillary clinton's favorite type of shoes ? scandals 
i tried cocaine once it's not all it's cracked up to be . 
why are ghosts bad liars ? you can see right through them . 
i fed the cows marijuana . the steaks have never been higher . 
what is a british scholar's favorite store ? finks 
all mushrooms are edible ... some you can only eat once . 
whoever spelled the word receipt was a friggin idiopt 
how do you calm down an astronaut ? ... you give him space . 
what did jay sherman say about your breath ? it stinks ! 
how do you start a conversation about men's rights ? mention feminism . 
i've got a joke about metal . actually , no ... scrap that . 
our top story tonight ... generalisimo francisco franco is still dead ... 
what do you call an aborted baby spawn kill 
how does optimus prime stay young looking ? autobotulism 
what does artificial light consist of ? fauxtons 
groin cream ... not suitable for those with a nut allergy . 
why won't bankers go to the opera ? because they quickly lose interest 
how do mathematicians cure constipation ? they work it out with a pencil . 
what does santa do to dragons ? he " sleighs " them . 
well aren't you a waste of two billion years of evolution . 
where do children learn their abc's ? at lmn - tary school ! 
why would you go outside ? that's where bugs live 
why arent koalas actual bears ? they dont meet the koalafications . 
since thanksgiving is tomorrow how do you keep a turkey in suspense ? 
what's r jokes favorite joke site ? 
* goes to fabric store * do you guys have boyfriend material ? 
enter promo code interminable sincerity for some free sarcasm . 
jack daniels couldn't be here today , but he's here in spirit . 
cough cough sniffle 
mugshot photographer me : now lets do a silly one 
i swallowed two cans of helium today hehe 
where was the male lion's favorite vacation spot ? maine 
" billie jean " is probably my favorite song about someone named billie jean 
my wd - 40 can rusted . now that's irony . 
the worst thing about jonestown jokes ? the punch line . 
what do liberal arts majors yell when overwhelmed ? oh , the humanities ! 
cricket australia . sponsored by immodium . stopping you from getting the runs . 
what is the donner party's favorite donut ? munchkin . 
hey girl , you french ? coz * * * madamn * * * 
is your name country crock , cause you can spread for me anytime . 
i cut my pizza into 7 bits i haven't had a byte yet 
what were mussolini's secret police called ? the gazpacho 
i'm surprised my son doesn't think his name is stopit 
killing someone with kindness sounds like a lot of work to me . 
what kind of elephants live in antartica ? cold ones ! 
what's putin's new favorite song ? crimea river 
" an apple a day takes billion dollars away " samsung 
saturday night just logged me out due to inactivity . 
so a radio talks to another radio over . 
why do girls talk so much ? they have four lips 
what kind of bug bites only at your feet ? mosqui - toes 
nothing says you don't trust your family like pre - payment of your funeral 
how much did the obese man know about fitness ? diddly squat 
what doesn't kill you ... ... seriously disappoints me ! 
chuck norris uses 8'x1 0 sheets of plywood as toilet paper . 
what does the rock said to his girl friend ? im stoned : p 
what to australian trains use as fuel ? coal - ala 
hipster farmers don't harvest crops because they're only cool when they're underground . 
what is victoria's secret ? her real name is victor ! 
how many girls a boy need to shoot a school ? none . 
please refrain from telling elderly election volunteers to " work that poll " . 
when is the worst time to get cancer ? north of the equator . 
* gets called abnormal * * checks for normal abs * 
my facebook persona did not sleep well last night . 
what do penguins do in a race ? they peng - win 
just finished building rome with legos . took me a day . 
what's the weather like in the ghetto ? a little muggy . 
and the winner of the 2016 presidential election is hillary ! - steve harvey 
what's a cow's favorite chemical ? molybdenum monoxide moo 
how much will a pirate charge you for a piercing ? buckaneer 
i haven't lost my virginity yet because i never lose 
a raconteur walked into a bar theres more to life then meets the eye 
" luke , i have no idea who your father is . " alternateuniversefilms 
my kleptomania is getting worse i should definitely take something . 
what was wrong with the wooden car ? it wooden go . 
a note to the mods 
what kind of fish has two knees ? a tunee fish . 
why is business good on easter ? because prophets rise 
why don't north koreans go to heaven ? because they have no seoul 
i totally owned the mosh pit at the one direction concert last night . 
i drink my alcohol responsibly ... spilling is not an option 
to all the virgins out there thanks for nothing ! 
testicle . it's life in a nutshell . 
i've been winning egg hunts since before i was even born . 
that's weird , my waitress stopped flirting after i paid the bill ... 
sometimes all you need , is 500 million dollars . 
what is another way to describe a cat ? a heat seeking missile ! 
ask me if i'm a tomato 
did you hear about the arm that tells jokes ? they're actually quite humerus 
what's harder to pull out of than iraq ? bristol palin . 
what's the difference between pea soup and mashed potatoes ? anyone can mash potatoes 
i do not , and never will , know my confirmation number . 
there are no winners in an arm wrestling match , only nascar fans . 
i'm so smart , i've got more brains than ... kurt cobain's ceiling 
pretty disappointed to see that some of you lived through the night . 
what fruit fits best in your palm ? a palm - agranate ! 
how do rainbows laugh ? hue hue hue 
spongebob might be the main character ... . but patrick is the star . 
" pasta la veista , baby " - arnold schwarzenoodles 
how do you beat someone in an argument ? use your fists . 
next battlefield map set in nepal . it's made using groundbreaking technology . 
why do some loudspeakers have holes ? for the pleasure of the audiophiles . 
there'd be no reason to see a doctor if webmd gave out prescriptions . 
why were the breakfast potatoes running around hitting each other ? hashtag ! 
i'd go to church if they had wi - fi . 
i miss steve irwin but the stingray didnt . 
what language do fed - ex drivers speak ? parcel - tongue 
i'm not schizophrenic * yes he is * 
a vampire masturbating into a mirror . you didn't see that coming . 
i'm feeling like a country hungary 
i really hate arguments about fractions . they're divisive . 
i bet the presidential seal gets to eat all the fish he wants . 
islamic state claimed responsibility for american presidential elections . 
when is the best time to see a dentist ? tooth - hurty 
pyramid schemes ... wrong on so many levels 
what fish goes up the river at 100mph ? a motor pike ! 
a guy jacks off with pictures of his girlfriend he realized they were blank 
how does hasbro test tickle me elmo's ? they have test - tickles . 
i hate stools ... they are a bunch of sons of benches . 
miss anders ... i didn't recognise you with your clothes on . 
where are the halloween jokes ? 
why don't chickens like people ? they beat eggs ! 
a filthy dirty joke 4 white horses fell in a mud puddle ! 
why did pluto miss the solar system party . he didn't planet right 
drinking on tuesday because i'm consistent . 
masturbation ... ... it comes in handy 
what blood type are most grammar nazis have ? a type o 
i beat off with a hammer cuz i'm bad to the bone . 
why was henry the eighth so fat ? because he tudor house . 
who is the sith lord of fear ? count spooku 
who wants to hear an appendectomy joke ? removed 
why is everyone impatiently awaiting the new zelda game ? it's hylian - ticipated 
what is the issue with dr . dre's releases ? chronic delays . 
when the first jackhammer was invented ... ... it was a groundbreaking innovation ! 
have you heard about these cats getting plastic surgery to look like kittens ? 
chick on tinder lt chicken tender 
unarmed aeroplanes , america's only weakness . too soon ? 
i wish i could get bitten by a radioactive confident person . 
you really inspire me to be a bitter person . 
why did the feminist fail algebra ? she couldn't solve inequalities 
what film do you get when you pull your pants down ? free willy 
quit my banking job this morning i lost interest 
don't follow rockin robin on twitter apparently all he does is tweet tweet tweet 
elevator operator my career as an elevator operator was very up and down . 
what type of weed do lizards smoke ? mariguana . 
what is the world famous chef gordan's favorite football team ? the ramsays 
placing my signature wherever i go . because , signature move ! 
what didn't adam and eve have that everyone else has ? parents . 
star wars spoilers woosh woosh pewpew pew pew 
i started this new whiskey diet . i've lost 4 days already ! 
a guide to procrastination ... i'll tell you later ... 
did you hear how the scarecrow got his promotion ? 
time is a great teacher , but unfortunately it kills all its pupils . 
* taps on your head * " is this think on ? " 
the mistaken hiker 
which of these jokes do the pigs like best ? the corniest ones . 
what the best way to cut down a tree ? a suhhh dude 
there's this joke about north korea but they won't let me post it . 
pain and sorry by anne guish 
i don't always use complete sentences but when i do 
i also do all my own stunts , but never intentionally . 
the comment threads on youtube are the trailer parks of the internet . 
my cat yells at me like she's my mother . 
* opens up a forever 20 store next to forever 21 * 
why are pirates , pirates ? they just * arrrrrrrrr * . 
hell yeah i'm a catholic i've been addicted to cats my whole life 
your beliefs don't make you a better person , your behavior does . 
" can i watch you open it ? " - weird ups guy 
stupid cats stealing all our women . 
why was the priest also an imam ? double the prophet . 
what does an approximately normal statistician eat for lunch ? a large clt 
woo ! let's get this weekend started ! * starts doing laundry * 
i went to south america and bought some frozen peppers . chile's chilly chilis 
what do young ghosts write their homework in ? exorcise books . 
whats red and bangs on the window ? a baby in the microwave 
woman's rights 
why is rose sad ? because there is no jack in iphone 7 . 
treat your guests like family , so they don't stay too long . 
what do hitler and oprah have in common ? neither could finish a race 
people fear what they don't understand : change death 4th grade math word problems 
what do giraffes and humans share the same number of ? testicles . 
god i hate hidden microphones they bug me so much ! 
what did the car dealer ask the oscilloscope ? sin or cosine ? 
what did little suzy spy with her little eye ? a cataract . 
just got the new windows ... ... such a pane 
did you know helen keller had a dog ? neither did she 
quit blaming your iphone . you meant to say " furbenglurbrn . " 
i can see 4 years into the future 20 20 vision 
how did sigmund freud die ? he slipped 
please may i have a new bum ? mines got a crack in it 
yo mama so stupid she went to shop rite and shopped wrong 
being rich seems convenient . 
what is the most pirated movie ever ? arrrrrrrgo 
what religion do saudi arabian cows follow ? mooslim 
want to hear a joke about time travel ? i'll tell you yesterday . 
if arnold schwarzenegger was a composer which would he be ? he'd be bach 
i came up with a new joke i invented a new word : plagarism 
who do you ask about donald trump's stamina ? his daughter . 
i have good news and bad news i've found a sock ... 
technology has made it so much easier to complain about technology . 
sobering fact : humans share over 99 of our dna with clowns 
i must be a geologist i keep finding a new rock bottom . 
ice bank mice elf repeat this 10 times fast 
what do naturopathic doctors use to keep up with their finances ? quackbooks ! 
dear white people , stop making videos of yourselves singing songs from frozen ! 
the 3 seasons of texas ! summer , cold summer , amp football . 
never raise your hand to your children - it leaves your midsection unprotected . 
how much power does it take to move a tank ? a horse 
where do they get the seeds to plant seedless watermelons ? 
what do you call an isis member who loves himself ? a nisisist 
england doesn't have a kidney bank , but it does have a liverpool 
where do ants go to eat ? at a restaurant ! 
just watching 50 shades of gray with my dad 
why did the square breakup with the circle ? she wasn't edgy enough ! 
why do they call it a traffic jam ? because no one's jelly 
to help reduce cost , this status was typed in china . 
what is jon snow's favourite slang ? idk 
bathrooms without noisy ventilation fans make me feel unsafe 
i have a superiority complex it's literally my only flaw . 
tried to hit on a girl whom i thought was married . a miss 
what's the most encouraging calisthenic ? chin - ups ! 
when life gives you melons , wear a low cut top . 
what does rob schneider say when he visits canada ? yukon do it ! 
what's a man's idea of a balanced diet ? beer in each hand ! 
innuendos ? i like to slip one in every now and again . 
being irrational is as easy as pi . 
why are sea sponges good at statistics ? they understand coralations ! 
what's square - shaped and yellow ? a yellow box 
* leads a conga line off of a bridge 
i am man . hear me ask my wife for permission to roar . 
jail is just college for people who work at fast food restaurants . 
i generally don't trim my ear hair until it effects my peripheral vision . 
parts of a worm : 1 worm 
it's weird how many of my ancestors were sepia - toned . 
why are math books useless ? because they are full of problems . 
mcdonalds actually does serve breakfast after 10 : 30 if u have a gun 
how does baby hitler tie his shoes ? with itty - bitty knotsies 
superman isn't that special ... anyone can stop a speeding bullet ... once 
i met an exercising nun . she was a firm believer . 
i can't believe i have to keep washing this stupid body until i die 
you know what they say , so i won't tell you . 
how do you make hitler kill himself ? give him his gas bill . 
what made me become a baker ? i kneaded the dough . 
world's most ridiculous alarm clock http : youtu . be chhhpbvjioe 
collection litter by phil d basket 
why was the egyptian kid confused ? because his daddy was a mummy 
why is abraham lincoln on the penny ? because it makes cents sense . 
hitting on women is like doing parkour . . i can't do parkour . 
* seductively moistens your lips with the meatloaf 
technology would be better if you could download sandwiches . 
how do writers send e - mail ? on the inkernet . 
maybe a funeral isn't the best place to practice my evil laugh 
chuck norris can clear 5 lines at once in tetris . 
if you're appraching a 5th wipe you should just take a shower . 
why is one thousand million billion trillion so bad ? it's very naughty 
positive people are less of a person they are missing electrons . 
there's a restaurant in hell . their food is to die for . 
what was morgan freeman called before the civil war ? morgan . 
hands down the greatest invention of all time ... masturbation 
what did elsa say to her fans on reddit ? leddit go 
have you heard about the funny feminist ? me neither 
what type of key gets you into the bathroom the fastest ? a dookie 
i have an earning disability . 
aren't we all supposed to die next month or is that cancelled ? 
how did the dentist become a brain surgeon ? his hand slipped 
mustard is the most vulgar of the condiments . pardon my french's . 
oh your baby's name is walter ? is he close to retirement ? 
i like dating chicks with kids , because snacks 
nsfw what's brown and rhymes with snoop dr . dre 
what is a capitalist's favorite fetish ? vore , because it's all about consumption 
everything is edible , some things are only edible once . 
the klu lkux klan ... the original boys in the hood ... 
the shortest joke about islamic state " made in isis " 
imagine a guy named kyle walking into starbucks . you're a racist . 
* exercises sarcastically * 
what do they call snoop dogg in asia ? snoop dinner 
i wish i could illegally download better health care insurance . 
what does stalin do on a night out ? paints the town red 
i remember when the m in mtv stood for music not maternity . 
where did michael jackson go to college ? bringemyoung university 
romeo tells juliet she's fat 
god creating snakes how about a sock that's angry all the time 
i don't like drug tests ... they're not my cup of pee . 
why do people say half a dozen ? why can't they just say six 
what does frankenstein's monster call a screwdriver ? daddy . 
one person's trigger warning ... ... is another person's spoiler alert . 
hairline joke your hair line goes way back like the 50's 
what's better , google or yahoo ? let's google it . 
have a safe weekend everyone lol jk hail satan drink poison 
" you're fat . " - my belt 
videogames ruined my life ... ... but at least i have two more 
what do you call a paper crane folded by a prositute ? whoreigami 
for every woman with a curve , there are several men with angles . 
what's up ? this guy ! points at self 
whats a tacticians favorite cut of meat ? flank 
i have been playing dota2 all day ... my whole dagon 
alcohol because no great conversation ever started over a salad ! 
kfc is a shelter for battered chickens 
zweireiher mantel trenchcoat hee grand damen fruehling herbst elegant zweireiher mantel trenchcoat 
ah , corduroy ... . u are truley the ruffles chips of pants 
here is a really bad joke feminism 
women are like the salt of my life they raise my blood pressure 
what's the most common owl in britain ? the tea towel 
what shoe can fit 206 million feet in it ? honshu ! 
tomorrow is boss day . 
no musician has vision impairments all of them should know how to c 
i love it when a girl takes control . birth control specifically . 
a real ice cream truck would have melted by now . 
miley cyrus has her tongue out more than jabba the hutt . 
how do chemists poison each other ? with a pb amp j sandwich 
what's a zombies favourite brand of crisps ? walkers 
what am i doing with borat voice my liiiiiiiiiife 
tag every baby photo you see on on facebook as verne troyer . 
a man walks up to a juice bar ... there's no punch line . 
i solve many of my problems by simply ignoring them . 
what's red and has 7 dents ? snow white's cherry 
ever been to the tower of pisa ? the security is pretty lenient 
i'm going to hell for this 
i recently bought some fragranced candles they cost me several scents 
what is the painless frequency ? 0 hz 
why did the fisherman drill a hole in the ice ? for the halibut 
why did x and y break up ? they couldn't function together . 
i traced the call . it was phone - shaped . 
they really should call the day after tomorrow " threemorrow " 
every motorcycle cop is a liquid terminator until proven otherwise . 
" that's me in a nutshell . " a peanut's photo album . 
murderman v . another murderman : dawn of murdering batmanvsuperman 
whole foods ? more like whole paycheck . 
what does an egg say when its " turnt up " ? omlet ! 
my first ever degree ... ... is in measuring angles ! 
what's gordon ramsey's second favorite movie ? froze - - oh , nevermind . 
why are automatic doors like knights ? because they're chivalrous ! 
at home i have an old sleeping bag hope she doesn't wake up . 
there is still no cure for mornings . 
why is the sky not happy on clear days ? it has the blues 
a soldier who survived mustard gas and pepper spray is now a seasoned veteran 
what do call a whore in alaska ? an eskihoe 
i don't want your pity but i'll take it . 
why don't hipsters live in alaska ? everything is cool there already . 
what's a web developer's favourite tea ? url ddd 
which letter has the best bum ? big rs 
why didn't the pharaoh believe he was drowning ? because he was in denile 
looks like brenda in accounting drew on her angry eyebrows today ... 
who was the dankest dictator of all time ? lmao zedong 
i know peanut allergies are serious but kids who have them are ruining everything 
a nutritionist wants us to examine a sandwich . so lettuce ... 
what type of bee makes milk ? a boo - bee 
opinions are like mixtapes ... i don't want to hear yours . 
anyone have any jokes about rats ? need some good ones ! 
laughing hands i never knew hands could laugh cause mine are cracking up . 
how many calories does avoiding eye contact burn ? 
you play world of warcraft and leage of legends ? wow , lol . 
" i'm sooo wasted , " said my opportunities . 
what is wrong with me ? ! ? asking for a friend . . 
craigslist is actually a great way to find stuff that's been murdered on 
who wants to start catroulette . com with me ? ! ? ! 
chuck norris doesn't sleep , he waits . 
what do koreans need when they take out the dog ? oven mitts 
the apple car will never succeed . it doesn't have windows . 
why doesn't fleetwood mac shave ? because stevie nicks . 
what do squirrels give for valentine's day ? forget - me - nuts . 
a graham cracker is just a white dude selling coke in the ghetto . 
what do clouds wear during a storm ? thunderwear 
get pizza or die trying 
what is a sailor's favorite letter ? from his wife back home 
when does the narwhal bacon ? ellen pao needs to resign immediately . 
it is always the wrong time of month . 
which sport is more lame : frisbee , or curling ? discus 
every grocery store has free samples if you're quick enough 
how i flirt : * stares from a distance * 
what do you call someone who hasn't heard about pokemon go amish 
what kind of gum do astronauts chew ? hubble bubble 
never trust a dog to watch your food . 
have you ever smelled mothballs ? how'd you get their teeny legs apart ? 
it's here ! may the fourth be with you ! ! 
why did the chicken cross the road ? i forget how jokes work : 
a cannibal tried a bite of my kidney he said it was offal 
drinks : drink first , ask questions later 
the us government had a shutdown . 
liestoldbygirls i am an 18th century mahogany cabinet . 
if lucky charms are magically delicious ... it should be called ethereal box . 
did you hear about the latest thing affected by recession ? my hairline ! 
me : screw you , tuesday ! tuesday : i have a boyfriend . 
what's a martial artist's favorite beverage ? kara - tea 
for some reason i'm an extremely secretive person . don't ask me why 
today i learned to count in taiwanese ... taiwan , taitwo , taithree ! 
may you never leave your marriage alive . 
a guy died from arteries clogging . the doctors efforts were in vein . 
kenyan men are the best at long distance relationships . 
why does iron man act like a girl ? he's a fe male . 
don't smoke unless you're on fire , then it's natural . 
the worst five words are " can i have a bite . " 
what doe you call a banana's grandmother ? banana - nana 
what do pigs like with chow mein ? sooey sauce . 
have you ever eaten ethiopian food ? no ? them neither 
still waiting for the fedex joke ? op didn't deliver . 
what is the most honest vegetable ? beetruet 
scientist1 : you got any sodium hypobromite ? scientist2 : nabro 
jealous of how pineapples always have cool hair . 
what has 4 eyes and cannot see ? mississippi . 
what is a grateful person's favorite number letter combination ? 10q ! 
" i hate the last two minutes of everything . " - dvr 
boat bust . out . another . thousand 
most of the 1800s was spent painting chubby chicks . 
paris hilton's imdb page should only be accessible on april 1st . 
what's donald trump's favorite drug ? cuckaine 
inflation : being broke with a lot of money in your pocket . 
a bomb went off in an ink factory ... everyone dyed . 
why are so many mathematicians vegetarians ? cos lettuce 
why i love circular logic ... because i love circular logic ! 
why did the duck get a red card ? for fowl play . 
if you have bladder problems ... urine trouble 
why do feminists hate church music ? because of all the hymns . 
what's beneath most canadians ? most americans 
anne has a problem anne has a solution anne has a will anne hathaway 
what do you say when you leave the uae ? dubai - bye ! 
horses make the best companions because they have stable relationships . 
nazi jokes are so offensive anne frankly , i find them immature . 
what sort of net is useless for catching fish ? a football net ! 
i may not be perfect but i am always me . 
why would the cannibal only eat babies ? he was on a diet ! 
i'm thinking about getting an arm tattooed on my snake . 
what day does the egg fear most ? fry - day 
any ideas for how i can repair some torn duct tape ? 
too many people are obsessing over frozen . they need to let it go 
who the patron saint of surveillance ? st francis of a cctv . 
ok pregnant ladies . today's the day ! laborday 
what do you call five blondes in a pool ? air bubbles . 
where do white supremacists go shopping ? kkk - mart . 
the water from a drinking fountain tastes like pennies and mumps . 
when i was a kid , we had our own personal chef chef boyardee 
a girl with kaleidoscope eyes sounds horrifying . 
i'd tell a joke about food but ... it'll be of bad taste 
what kind of vegetable is the hypest a turnup obvs 
when i said i missed you , i meant with a hammer 
* unplugs 100 charged iphone * * slides to unlock * battery 43 
what was the last pizza the twin towers had ? a plane one . 
what do accountants suffer from that ordinary people don't ? depreciation . 
taking candy from an american baby is , like , really hard . 
why do most people from russia wear track suits ? because they are russin 
the ratio of guys to girls in my friend group is undefined ! 
what illness makes you sneeze on your laptop screen ? a computer virus ! 
webmd just diagnosed me as fergalicious 
youtube criticism police in a nutshell no . 
i only wear dresses on sad occasions , like funerals and weddings . 
how much does wood cost ? about tree fiddy . 
what's organic dental floss ? pubic hair ! 
playing dead for the alarm clock doesn't seem to be working 
what does idk mean ? i've yet to find someone who knows . 
twitter ... it's for the birds ! 
why was moses wife angry ? he gave her the burning bush . 
just got my deaf friend drunk and he's slurring fingers so bad right now 
what doesn't kill you just makes you injured and really pissed off . 
what is the slowest racehorse in the world ? a clotheshorse ! 
what do owls sing when it is raining ? too wet to woo ! 
my archimedes heel is greek references 
what was amanda todd's favourite anime ? naruto . 
not all math puns are bad just sum 
beauty is in the eye of the beer holder . 
the problem with grammar nazis ? they're anti - semantic . 
what's a rednecks favorite part of archaology ? relative dating 
my best joke cloid 
i do have a swimmers body , he's been in my trunk for days 
a peanut was walking down a dark alley he got a - salted 
plot twist : dogs act scared of vacuums to avoid housework . 
that moment when you check the price tag and sadly walk away . 
if you are what you eat i'm a small family of ladybugs : 
a penny for your thoughts , five bucks if they're naughty . 
hot shingles in your area get your vaccine at walgreens today 
what do cerial killers drink ? milk 
i still not comfortable with how we spell coffee . 
it goes without saying , that ... 
what's paul mccartney's favourite food ? maccaroni 
ariana grande is what happens if you feed a bratz doll after midnight . 
man who run behind truck ... get exhausted ! 
know what stops the bern ? preparation h ! 
can't remember the last time i said happy birthday using my actual voice . 
why is the u . s dollar getting stronger ? fiscal therapy 
you know where the most original posts on reddit are ? r jokes 
ppl : are u sick ? me : no , im just ugly 
what does a fish say when it runs into a wall ? damn ! 
pissed off ? punch a wind chime and you'll feel better . 
if sober me won't do it ... drunk me will . 
jfk jokes aren't funny yet and that just blows my mind 
what do you call a city full of neckbeards ? m'tr opolis 
i hate menstruation jokes they're a bloody pain . 
what's long and hard ? the sock under my bed . 
oc what do you call a rodent that sells illegal guns ? an armadealer 
latvian joke stop . please . 
a morning after pill but for over eating . 
girls only date me to further their careers ... damn archeologists and paleontologists ! 
yyz was the first song i ever learned - said no drummer ever . 
the buildup of carbon emissions in the atmosphere is a great icebreaker . 
* peels off yoga pants to reveal even yogier pants * 
i have a friend called tiba sometimes i think he's a bit backwards 
who died and left the us in charge ? hitler . 
i'm sorry i can't go out tonight because of the internet . 
i need bill belicheck jokes pledge task please help 
everybody reaches a point in their lives when they die . 
my bucket list * five gallon bucket * mop bucket * bucket hat 
hiding in pantry from murderer quietly tries to open bag of chips 
does al pacino think that he's getting paid by the decibel ? 
racism is not a joke lol , jkkk 
why should sailors eat crabapples ? for the vitamin sea . 
how did bob marley like his doughnuts wi jamin . 
op started a pizza place . they don't deliver . 
how does a pirate tip his hat ? " m'he arty " 
you've got to be twins . you're too stupid to be one person . 
i'm selling a used french rifle never been fired , only dropped once . 
what's a cheerleader's favorite fruit ? popsicle stick caliber pom - pomegranate 
i'm confused wait ... maybe i'm not 
didn't sleep much but i got a few solid hours of worrying done . 
stevie wonder is a genius ! he has such an eye for detail 
looks like coke tastes like coke , smells like ahhhhwhatamidoingwithmylife 
sometimes i wish real world conversation had a 140 character limit . 
how does sean connery's dog bark ? woofsh 
one head is ok , but a whole body is much better . 
i try to avoid nice people so they can stay that way . 
i'm getting tired of politicians using blanket statements it's putting me to sleep 
you can't tell me what to do , you're not my dog 
my circle of trust is a meatball 
imagine iron man having an iron deficiency that would be ironic . 
dating tip : surprise your date ! show up a day early . 
what does a greengrocer weigh ? vegetables . 
i woke up with an erection this morning ... i beat it single handed 
please tell me that when we defeat isis they will have to become waswas 
two mods are standing in a field deleted 
what's the most racist math discipline ? statistics . 
your crush likes your status and you start to imagine life together ! 
a joke agnostics can enjoy 
you wanna hear the best joke of the year ? your belt size . 
strippers are a lot like magnets . they work by poles . 
bill cosby likes his women like he doesn't like his computer not responding . 
according to webmd , this hairy thing on my chest is a cat 
what's the difference between being artistic and autistic ? just one letter . 
woke up screaming this morning . my apologies to everyone in the meeting . 
they say that insanity is hereditary ... you get it from your kids . 
what medical condition are clinton supporters currently experiencing ? tendienitis 
a psychiatrist diagnosed me with kleptomania . now i'm taking things for it . 
flash floods in arizona last night . we nominate california and texas . alsicebucketchallenge 
" you're odd " she said . " not even " i replied . 
after usain bolt retires , he'll move to iran . 
a funny 1 - liner i'm more tired than the michelin man . 
what's addicting ? the sound an erection makes when it hits a cymbal . 
things i learnt from avatar : - kill smurfs while they're still young . 
what's the best way to carve wood ? whittle by whittle . 
i still don't understand how to avoid clickbait ... neither do you 
another calculus joke ! what is a derivative in a derivative ? inflection . 
my grandfather is deceased so i guess that makes me 1 4 deceased ? 
i keep writing letters to myself . dear me . 
what do mathematicians say when they encounter a difficult problem ? f x 
breast inplants they such a silly - con 
you know you're old when ... ... what were we talking about ? 
what do you become when you run out of coffee ? depresso 
i'm only two people away from having a love triangle . 
why do mathematicians dislike cloth rugs ? they prefer fur mats . 
i'm sad can u paypal me 50 to spend on shoes 
if i had a dollar every time my phone's battery dies , i 
why are they called apartments when they are all stuck together ? 
what is a snowman's favorite book ? war and frozen peas ! 
what's subway jared's favorite tv show ? 19 kids and counting 
barista : how do you take your coffee ? me : orally . 
the disney channel should be renamed celebrity prehab . 
" i'll drink to that . " - me to my next drink 
i'm at my absolute fakest when i'm wishing people happy birthday on facebook . 
subway , eat flesh . if hannibal lector owned chain restaurants . 
90 of the contacts in my phone are useless 
i can't stand people who are indirect you know who you are 
what is hitler's phone number ? 999 - 999 - 999 
why did the plant use a dating service ? to find its stomate ! 
what doesn't get any wetter no matter how much it rains ? the ocean 
domestic terrorism ? meh ... international terrorism ? ehmagard ! ! 
hardy ha ha 
all of my best ideas involve jail time . 
i'm going to post a joke i hope it dosen't get deleted 
sorry i ruined your surprise party by telling everyone it was an intervention 
who is pitbull's favorite nascar driver ? dale earnhardt jr . 
dating is basically lying to women about how you like to travel . 
loneliness can make you do some strange people . 
how did the toad die ? he simply croaked ! 
we have a genetic predisposition for diarrhea runs in our jeans . 
just flew in from a masturbation convention ... man my arm is tired . 
what is donald trump's favourite nursery rhyme ? barack a bye baby 
you're telling me , a chicken fried this rice 
which fairground ride is made of iron ? the ferrous wheel 
i for one welcome our new insect overlords resistance is futile . 
a concept so foreign , angelina jolie tries to adopt it . 
clothes make the man . indonesian children make the clothes . 
progeria jokes get old real quick . 
corny jokes ... . . have no stalk in them . 
enough with the cutesy - chubby sidekicks , 3d animation studios . 
i'm confused . hi confused . i'm a dad joke . 
* dramatically gets out of bean bag chair for 20 minutes * 
if you're a delivery driver and don't get a tip ... you get shafted 
it rubs the lotion on its skin and struggles with the doorknobs again . 
what's a french egg's favourite airforce ? l'ou eftwaffe . 
some days you're the dog and some days the hydrant . 
little kids be trippin . 
" graaaaaaiiiinnnns " vegetarian zombie 
owls always look like they've just found out that they've been cheated on . 
sometimes i wrestle with my demons . sometimes we just snuggle . 
what did euler see in the toilet ? natural log 
exercise never hurt anyone ... ... unless you run marathons . braces for downvotes 
the jedi know what we're getting for christmas they have sensed our presents 
by tomorrow , no one will remember what happened in trees today 
the worlds worst joke ... edit : thanks for the gold ! 
pro tip : do your makeup before you start drinking . 
don't worry about my probation officer , he just likes to watch . 
what do australians call upside down cake ? cake . 
what kind of dog does sauron have ? a la - barad - dur 
arguing with autocorrect is the new yelling at the television . 
what do wolves even want from the moon ? 
what's a pirates favourite video game genre ? arr - pg's 
how did aladdin die ? carpet bombing . 
a pigeon with a message lands on my arm new arm who dis 
who is the musician's best friend ? the drummer ! 
sharks could be very gentle lovers . we don't know . 
my favorite thing about camping is when i stay home don't . 
this salad would be way better if it was pizza . 
cats have tails so you can swing them around . duh . 
what will be the most useless invention ? a waterproof teabag 
every single time i give my heart to a girl ... she brexit . 
why don't they play poker in africa ? because there's cheetahs . 
i watched pom . you misread that , didn't you ? 
mouth piercings look like robot herpes . 
what does an alcoholic neckbeard drink for breakfast ? m'mo sa 
why couldn't the blonde count to 70 ? because 69 was a mouthful 
lgbt should rename themselves bltg . it's more tasteful . 
i named my dog wifi because i stole it from my neighbor 
why do space rocks taste better than earth rocks ? they're meteor ! 
cheated on twitter with my real life today . 
why did the fencer downvote my latest submission ? it was a riposte . 
how do super heroes like their drinks served ? with just ice ! 
" you're on your own , kid . " - a republican village . 
what did the wolfman say to the sentient ai ? i am a were 
i'm so hungover that my thoughts sound like sylvester stallone . 
i really hate campfires ... just kindling . 
what time is it when you sit on a pin ? spring time . 
how long do i have to sleep before i'm legally a bear ? 
i'm sick of this boy scouts training . it drives me knots 
my wife has a colostomy i get a little action on the side 
what is a physicist's favorite social movement ? half - lives matter . 
chuck norris can land a plane in auto pilot . 
what's 41 times 11 ? i can't find the answer anywhere . 
what monster plays the most april fool's jokes ? prankenstein ! 
honey i shrunk the kids : a beginner's guide to steroid use 
what's a new zealander's favorite car ? the kia ora . 
here's a step by step guide to staircases * gives you a handrail * 
why does gandalf prefer coupes ? because other cars have mordor . 
what's a businessman's favourite dessert ? profiteroles ! 
what sound does a dying turkey make ? coup coup coup 
what do you get when you run over geese ? goose bumps 
why did the carpenters wife leave him ? because he was screwing around . 
i wish we could still defeat bullies with synchronized dancing like in the 80s 
the vast majority of spider couples met on the web . 
so i bought the new cod game . best fishing simulator ever . 
what did the people who hung jesus to the cross say ? nailed it 
what do termites put on their toast ? door jamb . 
why do mice need oiling ? because they squeak ! 
your mama's hair is so nappy ... moses couldn't part it . 
why do they call them brrr - itos when they're not even cold ? 
i hate being bi - polar it's awesome 
what is the most successful hotel ? auschwitz , 6 million stars . 
female rappers the only flow female rappers have is their menstruation 
i tried to make a joke about coins but it didn't make any cents 
whats the best way to eat a vegetable go for the wheelchair first 
best politically incorrect joke you have heard ? 
if you rearrange the letters in " vladimir putin " you get murdered . 
there r three things i hate pessimism . hypocrisy . and the world . 
yo mama middle name is rambo . 
remember those days when using " protection " meant wearing your helmet ? 
warning : alcohol may make people appear more fcukable than they actually are . 
raj koothrappali met justin bieber ... unfortunately he couldn't speak with him 
2 pacs of eminems for 50 cents ? man that's ludacris 
it was just white floyd until that one red sock got mixed in . 
what can a chicken do that you cannot ? eat with his pecker . 
the white house correspondents dinner is ... just a big political party . 
so my new girlfriend plays soccer professionally i think she's a keeper 
when egypt had no internet , it was called gypt . 
original corny joke who leads the corn into battle ? the kernal ! bahahahaha 
words : for when an emoticon just isn't enough . 
somebody needs to teach opportunity how to use a doorbell . 
why do all pirates wear eye patches ? chuck norris . 
how does a stripper find jobs ? she does netwerking ! 
grammar : the difference between feeling you're nuts , and feeling your nuts . 
if they had a 4chan game ... it'd always be in beta . 
what disorder will spiderman get as he ages ? peter parkinsons 
which is the best key on keyboard ? 
the loudest noise a child can make from another room is silence 
remember busy signals ? crazy times . 
charlie chaplin called i couldn't hear him though . 
my business card is just a label i peeled off a beer bottle . 
what do you give a cannibal late for sunday lunch ? the cold shoulder 
my husband is the nicest guy that i could ever dream of murdering . 
wipe that smile off your face : 
" pick a card ... . any card . " - impatient hallmark employee 
how much does it cost to clean up germany ? about 6 million . 
how do you call the current situation in syria ? very syrias 
so they're selling crack in my neighborhood . . finally 
old english churches by beverley minster 
jaden smith goes into the bar gain bin at costco 
old mathematicians never die , they just lose some of their functions . 
from what i can piece together , this pitbull character enjoys " partying " 
twitter is the government's elaborate plan to keep us all off the streets 
why does the catholic church have so much money ? because jesus saves . 
amish joke 
i accidentally popped your first balloon . the second was my favorite . 
i bet hell is full of morning people and obsessive compulsive facebook pokers . 
how did helen keller's parents punish her ? put a plunger in the toilet 
do you want to buy a broken barometer ? no pressure . . 
having intense back pain atm it's no joke 
what vegetable has avoidant personality disorder ? * lettuce alone ! * 
what's a vampire's favorite hobby ? in - grave - ing . 
why do social justice warriors hate math ? all the inequalities 
if i had a dollar for every repost i've seen i'd be a millionaire 
what does a dyslexic klan member hate ? gingers 
want to hear an awesome lyrebird impression ? you just did . 
my nickname at work is " hr wants to see you " 
hey . do these camo pants make me look fatigued ? 
hey baby did you fall from heaven because you're lucifer and must be destroyed 
what's 12 inches long and stiff in the morning ? cot death . 
if seagulls fly over the sea , what flies over the bay ? bagels 
what happened when five fat french men got in the lifeboat ? cinq . 
what is is called when you download undertale for free papyrus - cy 
who loves fast food ? jared fogle 
what's the worst part of being bipolar ? the fact you love it . 
who killed the corn flake ? the cereal killer ... 
why couldn't the melons be together ? everyone knows melons cantaloupe . 
what is . net 
beer before liquor , alphabetical order 
dismissed from jury duty because i kept coughing loudly the words bribe me 
just heard someone pronounce the h in wheel so i'm gonna need a minute 
humpty dumpty had a great fall but his winter wasn't so hot ... 
which actor is always criticising churchgoers ? christian slater . 
boycott shampoo demand real poo instead 
i went into a vegan slaughterhouse . man , there was juice eveywhere ! 
where do dumb aliens go ? area 52 
happy fat tuesday ! join me agin tomorrow on still fat wednesday 
" who let the dogs out ? ! " - pavlov getting angry 
parkinson's disease was named after its discoverer , dr . timothy disease . 
a question from an agnostic dyslexic is there dog ? 
i'm a perfectionist when it comes to being imperfect . 
so batman skipped church ... call that a christian bale 
here is a funny joke by george lopez . 
what kind of lizard can run the mafia ? the iguanodon 
me : first gang practice is snack time before or after the murders 
* shocking news * : critics say kindergartner's homework " doesn't add up " 
how did the reddit user read his newspaper ? lt original gt he reddit 
who is king of all the mice ? mouse tse tung ! 
if you don't have anything nice to say , say it sarcastically . 
mom : do the dishes me : i cant im ugly 
hardest job in the world is being a police sketch artist in china . 
chuck norris died yesterday . he's fine today . 
goal weight : " are you ok , you look sick " 
so afraid of commitment i only play " words with acquaintances " . 
what is marios favorite type of pants ? denim denim denim 
kids , don't grow up ... it's a trap ! 
q : what kind of witch goes to the beach ? a : sandwitch 
i want to marry a girl from prague i'll have a czech mate 
if the world is getting smaller why do postal rates keep going up ? 
why are homeless people always laughing ? because they crack themselves up ! 
how did the tiny frozen dinner meet the little kid's belly ? microwave 
why did the traitor wear two watches ? because he's a two timer . 
you know , this conspiracy with the patriots has left me deflated . 
never trust anybody who has graph paper . they're always plotting something . 
dogs that don't bark are the most dangerous of all they're woofless 
what is gollum's favourite bird ? a smeagull ! : d 
today has been approved by both my middle fingers . 
what do fat women get for valentines day ? depressed . 
i shadowed an opthamolologic surgeon today . the experience was really eye opening . 
so apparently yesterday was middle child day ... nobody noticed 
may all your troubles last as long as your new year's resolutions ! 
siri , who's in my trunk ? 
the secret to my amazing vegan burgers is real beef . 
at what age do you tell your kids that the un isn't real 
congratulations to amy winehouse ... ... on six months of sobriety . 
what do you call a divorced fbi agent ? fed - ex 
today's a really good day ... 10 10 
time was invented by the clock industry . 
at best , i think i could be a third responder . 
unicorns are really just weaponized ponies . 
what should i say ? someone just said i'm in denial but i'm not 
which two farm animals are the dirtiest ? brown chicken brown cow . . 
sarah jessica parker walks into a bar n . 
what did ron say when he got hermione pregnant ? fetus deletus 
when you're single expiration dates are more of a suggestion . 
e . t . s last name was " cetera " 
when do accountants laugh out loud ? when somebody asks for a raise 
is it just me or do you find pressing f5 refreshing ? 
who is samuel l jackson's favorite historical figure ? oedipus 
why do riot police get to work early ? to beat the crowd 
it's better to be the first lover than a third wife . 
this party is boring . let's make like a baby and head out . 
obama and bush walk into a bar ... ... clinton ducked . 
people come and go but birthdays do accrue . 
what's pink with seven dents ? snow white's hymen 
how to trigger a canadian my favorite color is gray . 
why don't undertakers provide free services ? that would be a dead giveaway . 
what was confucius favorite comfort food ? macaroni and qi . 
knock knock who there hop hop who knock knock who there hop hop who 
what are spiders webs good for ? spiders ! 
reddit's management interesting insight https : i . imgur . com z8ubxo0 . jpg 
a redditor walks outside . 
whats white blue and rectangular ? a fridge with a denim jacket on . 
my boyfriend is like an iphone 7 just jacks off 
he who stands on a toilet is high on pot . 
i know someone who talks like an owl 
i'm gods gift to women if god only shopped at rite aid . 
how does mike tyson say hatred ? hate thread ! 
i got gas for 1 today damn bean burritos . 
whats a trilby clad , neck bearded gentlemen's favorite color ? 
if you cant beat'em , join'em ! then kill them while they're sleeping . 
so many rainbows so little rain . please send rain , sincerely california . 
high - speed rail in the us . 
" don't fret . " - guitar that apparently doesn't want to be played 
who is the smartest rapper ? ice 3 
i have a flight to catch but there is a cat on my lap 
what did one orphan say to another ? get in the batmobile robin . 
which laptop has the most pleasant speakers ? a dell 
what kind of letters do feminists send ? hate male . 
where do cows go for parties ? the moovies 
why does bernie sanders write in lowercase letters ? because he hates capitalism . 
hear me out : google naps 
thinking of getting my hair did and maybe also work on my grammar . 
if mississippi lost her new jersey what would delaware ? idaho , alaska 
" sup man ? yeaah , i'm incorporated . " - business casual 
forget klondike , you should see what i'd do for an open bar . 
who's the most forgettable disney pixar character ? bing - bong 
" do not iron " like that was ever going to happen ... 
what do you call a drunk blue hedgehog ? gin and sonic . 
what happened to the fly on the toilet ? he got pissed off . 
five out of six people enjoy russian roulette . 
guess what ? you didn't guess what . 
the dish drainer is just my default cupboard . 
i hope this year they have the courage to legalize diarrhea . 
millenials won't get this one their own home 
turns out an at home dna test is not a good baby shower gift 
what's spider - mans favorite online music app ? spotafly . 
what did the orphan poker player say ? will you raise me ? 
eating at this new hitler - themed breakfast place , luftwaffles . 
my daughter used to hate eating vegetables . until she became a vegetarian . 
who would win in a race ? the tortoise or the reddit servers ? 
what was superman's first job ? a clark . 
chuck norris is the reason why waldo is hiding . 
germany opens a summer school for kids with add its a concentration camp 
i remember when yoga was called twister . 
what do you call in - flight pilot training ? air conditioning . 
moses parts the hi - c ... ... to save the juice 
what kind of ships can't go in salt water ? snail - boats 
the story of my life 
i'm the daughter of ned stark ! arya ? 
" nietzsche , what's the matter ? " " nothing . " 
why was lara croft sad ? because her career was in ruins 
this will probably get buried . . . it's a coffin . 
stop eating all the shrimp , sean connery it's shellfish . 
18 goes into 40 more than 40 goes into 18 
what is the worst piece in undersea chess ? the prawn . 
self is a word in itself . 
i ran a whole 5k and didn't even eradicate cancer 
how do we know that greek yogurt's greek ? because it's whey strained . 
what would you call two bananas ? a pair of slippers . 
sometimes blank stare is the correct answer . 
britain left the european union ... . some think that the country will eurupt 
what tasty food would be distusting if eaten over rice ? 
i flirted with disaster last night . now disaster won't stop texting me . 
if they could , cats would correct your grammar . 
those who throw dirt ... ... are sure to lose ground . 
what happens when santa get stuck in a chimney ? he gets claustrophobic ! 
what do history teachers make when they want to get together ? dates ! 
when will the jared jokes stop ? when they get too old . 
what's the fastest car on earth ? a rental car . 
a girl never comments on another unless she's jealous . 
what pants do ghosts wear ? boo jeans . 
ibuprofen , youbuprofen , weallbuprofen . 
which birds steal soap from the bath ? robber ducks ! 
my social life 404 
i'm what you might call internet pretty , meaning i'm really your dad . 
be careful of shoe thieves i hear they're afoot . 
why don't german pessimists eat pork ... . they always fear the wurst . 
what is the horror movie quija rated ? quija - 13 
what's the best pun at a wood working convention i just got lathed 
i bet the inventor of puppets has one hell of a creepy backstory . 
i can't find my camel , it's gone ! it's camelflage was too good 
who called them drinking buddies and not palcoholics 
the name's bond . . james earl jones . 
* puts it in perspective perspective : wrong hole . 
star wars should cast an indian actor to play mace hindu . 
your momma so fat ... she needs cheat codes for wii fit . 
what's donald trump's favorite kind of bubble gum ? bigly chew . 
my favorite yoga pose is " try to cut the toenail " 
i bet cannibals were really disappointed by elbow macaroni . 
people on tumblr have ptsd potty trained and socially disordered 
i knew the psychic was a fraud the second she accepted my check 
who called them accountants and not sumbodies ? 
" are you okay ? " me anytime i meet someone named annie . 
how does darth vader like his milk ? * luke * warm 
computers teach us 3 healthy daily habits ... read write and run 
what does paul inces mum make for christmas ? ince pies ! 
you didn't comment on my selfie . who is she 
what don't homeless people get ? knock knock jokes 
why did the computer squeak ? someone stepped on the mouse . 
waldo asked his wife what was for dinner ... fondue , waldo . 
what's 50 cent's new name ? 50 drachma . 
one good turn gets most of the blankets . 
" bjark ! bjark ! " - bjork's dog 
everyone hates mondays and tuesdays even the weekdays go wtf 
i'm a terrorist , you're a bomb ... let's make an explosion together ! 
i've gone unverified for 5 , 000 years . why change now ? 
what's worse than an unfinished joke ? 
mocking jay part 2 jay : come on guys please stop 
there's no such thing as a stupid opinion said the world's first feminist 
here's a pie chart on procrastination . 
what's better than winning the wheel chair basketball championship ? having legs ... 
never give up ! by percy vere 
with a name like progressive , shouldn't the commercials be better by now ? 
if you see someone crying , ask if it's because of their haircut . 
aaron hernandez will be just fine they're always drafting tight ends in prison . 
the illuminati doesn't scare me they never even kill anyo 
why do tomcats fight ? because they like raising a stink ! 
i'm not lazy . i'm just stopping the sofa from floating away . 
some of the nicest women you'll meet on twitter are men . 
como frijoles ? how you bean ? 
that was easy ... said yoda , after to staples he went . 
my subconscious wants thai food but my inner goddess wants pizza . 
two things i learned from online dating geography and disappointment 
harry potter is actually an allegory about the emptiness of millennial hook up culture 
putin sends new year's message of peace to obama inside a pipe bomb . 
i'm straight but not " get my alibi " straight . 
i think having an abortion really brings out the kid in me 
what type of equipment do you operate for abortions ? a baby excavator . 
i do resistance training every day it's called refusing to go to the gym 
how do you surprise helen keller ? leave the plunger in the toilet 
smirnoff bought pabst now traded as pab - smir 
i've had a bungee jumping incident but i'm sure i'll bounce back 
a wife can enjoy anything , until it's not my salary . 
use conditioner ... shampoo burns 
why is minotaur pretty ugly ? because it is an oxy moron . 
ellen pao stole my bike who else could it have been 
did i ever post my alzheimer's joke ? 
what did nietzsche call his yiddish cab driver ? an uber mensche . 
why do you call an angry bear ? a grrrrrrrizzly bear 
best pick up line ? lets go eat . i'm paying ! 
what's the most intelligent breakfast ? a stephen fry - up . 
it's not easy to make small talk with a meteorologist . 
what do they call redditting on the toilet ? snoo on the loo 
what happens when hillary throws relevant questions ? donald ducks i'll show myself out 
i recently earned 5 times the money i earned before 5x0 0 
how many times do i have to flush before you go away ? 
i think i have procrastination disease . i'll go to the doctor later . 
hi , what's your name ? my name is yura phag 
if i ever get a llama , i'm totally naming it dalai . 
what's the bare minimum ? one bear . 
ethnic cleansing is that what michael jackson did ? 
someone gave chuck norris the finger . he still has it . 
what's a sheep's favorite type of alcohol ? mutton - schnapps . 
women hate to be stereotyped . . . they're all like that . 
what kind of dog do it people prefer ? a dobie 
did you hear david copperfield got aids ? he did magic . 
why are all stormtroopers virgins ? because they don't hit anything . 
twitter is the witness protection program from family on facebook . 
which color do colombian communists hate the most ? * greengos * 
why did the cookie smoke weed ? because he wanted to get baked . 
my girlfriend's got conjunctionitis it makes her ands swell up 
girl , you have a nice ... http : imgur . com ojkptjr 
shopping at walmart to test my immune system . 
the burrito i ate for lunch today just sent me a push notification . 
a politician died it was a good day . 
why do rabbits make good mathematicians ? because they're constantly multiplying ! 
where do frogs come from ? they're german and a tad - polish 
so donald trump wakes up in the white house one morning ... 
i'd like my headstone engraved in burger king font . 
* pulls away from kissing - what does cvs stand for ? 
whats bnag ? its bang out of order ! 
why does mario hate punchbug ? because he bruises like - a peach ! 
i tried telling him to stop eating canadian provinces but he's having nunavut 
don't drake and drive or you'll end up at your ex's house . 
how do you make a bandstand ? take away their chairs 
i'm a simple mathematician ... i see 281x285 , i like . 
at church " i'm here for the blood . " 
this blonde is so stupid she called me to get my telephone number ! 
what is the funniest joke you can think of make it hilarious please . 
what is swizz beatz's favorite breakfast meal ? alicia quiche 
what is a collie puppy's favorite toy ? a chew - chew train ! 
how much did the pirate's new earrings cost him ? a buccaneer 
how do golfers get away with cheating ? the unfairway 
elmer fudd knew how to deal with a duck face . 
i use to know someone who was addicted to soap . he's clean now 
first rule of * always right * club - - no men allowed 
the milli vanilli tour has been cancelled ... they blamed it on the rain 
in russia they don't have netflix , they have njetflix . 
canadian castles ... they really aren't my fort - eh . 
what type of cow produces both milk and potatos ? your mother . 
just a reddit joke never mind , i already reddit . 
why are women like magazines ? they have a lot of issues 
everybody loves pussies ... except the dong lovers . * dog : p 
it's hard to fall asleep because i don't trust myself to not die . 
what does the south call friends with benefits ? cousins ... . . 
my dad's reasoning for wearing sandals to church jesus wore sandals too . 
why did the cowboy buy a dachshund to get a long little doggy 
a list of hilary clinton jokes . deleted 
why are many electronics handbooks banned in germany ? diepole 
you know why i hate cancer ? i have crabs . * zodiac * 
i'm a bit racist . i think f1 is much better than nascar . 
yt7it78f6876 tyrd7 ui6g76d5875 
conjugating verbs is great it's always in - tense 
who's the chief of the internet ? e - ronimo ! 
what's got 24 balls and screws small animals ? a shotgun shell . 
babies who cry in a restaurant would rather be eating in a breastaurant . 
what does a communist cat say mao 
the oscars so white i gotta wear shades . 
the opposite of thanksgiving leftovers is thanksgiving rightunders . i'm so sorry 
whats the isis members astrological sign ? sad terrorist 
gets out of tanning bed with a grilled cheese sandwich 
the wall street protesters are right ... there is no jobs . 
a policeman and a prisoner play chess . the policeman beats him . 
what do you call two hobos hitting each other with cardboard pillow fight 
thank you pringles for being the only chip company that doesn't sell air . 
which bird is always out of breath ? a puffin ! 
google fiber mission statement bringing you a more regular internet . 
a masochist walked into a bar but he was okay with it 
last year , i had an easter egg but it dyed . 
the weather is so hot that it gave me the wrong phone number . 
nothing says " i'm unemployed " like wishing for snow on facebook . 
blows you , kisses see proper punctuation is important 
miss france just won miss universe the french finally won something . 
petulant : defn . a cat or dog you let a friend borrow 
first world problems mi atocoreect is brokan . 
sorry i have byslexia ... 
what is 168 ? dinner for 4 . 
i told stephen hawking a joke once ... ... he couldn't stand it . 
if love is like chemistry . i am a noble gas . 
a healthy man in a room of paraplegic people is outstanding 
how does an abortion doctor like his eggs ? scrambled . 
what slenderman doesnt have ? facebook . 
how do you fit 4 queers on a barstool you flip it upside down 
" just saw this text . " just saw this lie . 
what is the derivative of 151 ? poke dx 
why don't hipsters like fishing ? it's too mainstream . 
i speak swedish with an ikea accent . 
where does donald trump store his books ? the fireplace . 
should female freshmen be called fresh women ? 
what type of train can a ginger not ride ? a soul train 
your honor , the victim was stabbed 18 times . capri sun court 
a ninja turdle is when you poop really fast . 
why yao - ming tries to catch pikachu ? he's from team rocket 
what is a primate's ideal salary ? a gorillian dollars per year . 
how do you say no in german ? square root of 81 
what do you call a plant getting kidney surgery ? a transplant 
don't get me started . i don't come with brakes . 
the big bang by dina mite 
what did little hitler get for his birthday ? his third treich . 
3 rings of marriage 1 engagement ring 2 wedding ring 3 suffering 
i would make a fitness joke but it just wouldn't work out . . 
for lack of a better word ... buy a thesaurus 
if today's weather were a fashion line , which would it be ? burrrrberry 
" please let go of my hair " - my gynaecologist 
starting an indie band called their early stuff 
use the force luke i've run out of lubricant 
what's the inverse of kansas ? arkansas 
the strongman by everhard muscles 
why is pinocchio so good in the bedroom ? he nose what he's doing 
why is tomorrow like your girlfriend . it never comes . 
what's a necrophilic pirate's favorite activity ? digging for booty . 
who held the baby octopus to ransom ? squidnappers ! 
it amazes me how much exercise and extra fries sound alike . 
i have the dance moves of a dog with mittens on its paws . 
do not touch must be one of the scariest things to read in braille 
i recently got a job at the recycling plant but it's soda pressing . 
i only date patriots fans because they don't care if i cheat 
why does washington dc stink ? because of the b o 
what is an astronomer ? a night watchman with a college education . 
luckily , children are much easier to keep alive than house plants . 
always remember the first move in every fight ... punch to the balls . 
no you're the stalker . i write on your work bathroom mirror in blood 
what are jokes about janitors called ? sweeping generalizations . 
what hair style is a calf's favorite ? the cowlick ! 
what's donald trumps's favorite christmas carol ? white christmas 
how does r . kelly end a joke ? ba dum * piss * 
i wonder if morgan freeman talks himself to sleep every night . 
you probably know the last word of this sentence 
whiteboards are remarkable . 
what kind of physician works on a cruise liner ? a dry doc . 
thank you , pencil sharpeners ! for always making a good point . 
today's my cake day ! and i'm going to eat it too ! 
sometimes you'll hate a person when you first meet because it saves time . 
why couldn't the laptop go to sleep ? because it has two shifts . 
where did the joke wait to get a drink ? the punch line ... 
what idiot called it the toaster and not the tanning bread ? 
which state has the smallest sodas ? minesoda 
me : omg i feel amazing ! webmd : sounds like cancer ! 
dear cupid , next time hit us both . 
hey baby , forget netflix and chill let's imax and climax 
do you know what minnesota doesn't have ? super bowl babies . 
acorns must come from france . that would explain the tiny berets . 
it's okay microsoft excel even my love life is not responding . 
they say everyone is unique ... isn't that a bit of a generalization ? 
why was the cheesemaker lopsided ? because he only had one stilton ! 
what food do vampires hate ? steaks . 
i tried haggis for the first time today ... it tasted offal ! 
chuck norris blood type is . . ak - 47 
beverly hills - 90210 denver broncos - 16 
australian is what happens when the british get wet and eat after midnight 
when a redneck divorces his wife she's still legally his sister . 
where do werewolves live ? in werehouses . 
according to science ... apaprnlety hmoosxeulas aer brililnat at unscarbmnlig snetnecse . 
if money can't buy happiness explain pizza 
what's crunchy on the outside and airy in the inside ? a lightbulb . 
i tried alaskan food once . but i wasn't that inuit . 
i like my exes suicides how i like my whiskey on the rocks . 
this alcohol tastes like there's a sock getting lucky tonight . 
what's the best brokemon ? ayyyyyyy , brah . 
why do people like office parties and this joke ? the punch line . 
i accidentally planted some marijuana seeds on my farm it's all gone to pot 
i want an iphone with bbm and a nokia battery . 
my cat just showed it's holiday spirit by pooping tinsel . 
how do we know the earth was born on april 22nd ? 
i'd settle for separation of church and snakes . 
what did the teddy bear say after dinner ? " i'm stuffed . " 
today was so terrible , i thought steven seagal was in it . 
my obsession with square roots has got me on cloud three . 
suicide bombers ... ... what makes them tick ? 
* still doesn't understand when or why asterisks started indicating action * 
what type of fish needs to be tuned ? tune a fish 
my bathtub is just like me . shallow and not quite long enough . 
why can elephants swim - and aardvarks can't ? aardvarks don't have trunks ! 
what do witches use pencil sharpeners for ? to keep their hats pointed . 
why are some flowers gangsta ? cause they carry pistils . 
what do pavlov's dogs call storefront bell - ringers ? the salivation army . 
burger king of kings . have it yahweh . 
a scuba diver brings a wetsuit to a dry cleaner ... 
whats a frogs favourite game ? it's croak - et ! 
my one night stand is pissed because i broke the other one . 
- sleeps well with others 
we're having a lawnmower sale down at lowes buy one get juan free ! 
if usain bolt ever becomes a zombie we are all screwed . 
what do you call scriptures for blind people ? the holy braille 
another bunny 
want to meet up so i can excite your natural frequency ? 
igloo building by s keemo 
which dog tastes better when eaten ? a hot dog . 
i am a capitalist yes i am 
how do lawyers argue without crying 
mcdonald's new obama value meal is for freaks ! ! ! 
ritalin and adderall market research says they both tested well among focus groups . 
why couldn't christopher reeve pay his landlord ? back rent . 
where did i take my pet cow on valentines day ? to the moooovies 
what's isis favorite kind of discount ? blowouts 
what do you get from a cowmedian ? cream of wit ! 
here's an olive branch . please choke on it . 
stop the presses ! my paninis can wait . 
how do catholic church priests stay healthy ? they exorcise . 
spent the entire day milking a single almond . 
now responding to all " hello " dms with " adele ? " 
where do swashbuckling turds come from ? a pirates booty 
i snort a lot of cocaine for a sober person . 
never judge a book by it's cover ... . . 
what's the most played song at amish parties ? churn down for what 
friendly like talking 
cleanliness is next to godliness in a dictionary missing some stuff . 
kids born in 2000 never have to worry about forgetting how old they are 
thinking about quitting my job to pursue my dream of not working . 
skateboarding has its pros and cons . 
what did the frozen scientist say ? " it's fine , i'm 0k " 
walruses ? walri ? walrus ? anyway ... they've escaped . 
funny feminist joke women are equal to men 
a cannibal is just a foodie who likes other foodies . 
i hope the rain keeps up so it won't come down . 
which tax haven is a daddy ? the cayman islands 
what pablo escobar and other narcos fear most ? legalization 
my keys always end up in the pocket opposite of my free hand . 
iguana ... tap it , but i have a reptile dysfunction . 
twitter birth control : airfare 
can anyone recommend a few thousand books on hoarding ? 
why shouldn't you post to reddit while driving ? becau 
they irony of being hit by a dodge . 
what programming language was used to create piratebay ? r . 
how do you stop a fish from smelling ? cut its nose off . 
what's the best response when someone wastes your time ? answers below please . 
why doesn't ronald reagan drink orange juice ? because he's dead . 
pretty unfair how gargoyles just monopolized rooftop perches . 
why was the feminist picnic cancelled ? because nobody made sandwiches . 
a blanket ? it would be a fukkit . 
everyone should thank me for not being a doctor . 
remember : it's not stalking if you don't see me . 
i said " no " to drugs , but they just wouldn't listen . 
why do cows like being told jokes ? because they like being amoosed ! 
liars make their bed and ... . lie there too . 
my teeth are so white , they adopted 14 kids . 
where's the best place in toronto to check out girls ? * broadview * 
confuse future archeologists by burying your pets in elaborate military uniforms . 
why can't you trick an unemployed jester ? because he's nobody's fool ! 
how are electric outlets punished ? they're grounded . 
what is a soccer player's favorite drink ? sham - pain . 
i want a hair cut please . certainly which one ! 
why don't deaf guys eat pusseh ? they never heard of it . 
waldo is probably horrible at responding to texts . 
if god is all seeing does that mean he can see john cena ? 
why is simba slower that his dad ? because his papa mufasa . 
chuck norris played russian roulette with a fully loaded gun and won . 
i finally learned what la quinta means in english behind denny's 
porsche designer ... the most overpaid job in the world 
if abortion is murder then are condoms kidnaping ? 
france vs germany was a close game ... it ended in a shootout . 
i have a fetish for paradoxes . they really turn me off . 
how much of northern canada is livable ? * nunavut * 
what does the snowman call his wife ? snowblower 
i really needed something positive in my life so i finally got tested . 
what is pitbull's favorite restaurant ? jason's dale ! 
you are not even beneath my contempt . 
what do you call an extremely flamboyant loaf of bread ? a faggette 
i'm writing a book about reverse psychology . . please don't buy it . 
what's 5q 5q ? 
broke bakers need dough . 
why can't the bishop walk straight ? cause he can only move diagonally 
men don't get lost they discover alternative destinations . 
some people say that i'm too vague . 
what idiot called it blood spatter instead of axe body spray 
i say hi to my dog about 600 times per day . 
why was the horse all charged up ? it ate some haywire ! 
remember when there were backyard gardens ? oh , those were good thymes . 
thought i wanted to die but turns out i was just hungry 
i googled your mom last night . i had to open two tabs . 
it would be endearing to call elon musk ... musk dear 
you win some , you booze some ! 
in a chair leans back leans back leans ba ... ambulance 
where did the nazis send the juice ? to the concentration camps . 
what's the cheapest force ? centrifrugal 
motels 1 through 5 must've been real dumps . 
how did rich people get their money ? they were calm and collected . 
my favorite joke about alzheimer's 
american politics 
why couldn't anyone hear hellen keller scream ? she was wearing mittens . 
what do nuns do when they get horny ? they come to jesus . 
which state serves the smallest soft drinks ? minnesota . 
why don't old people like tennis ? there's too much racket 
findafamilymember . com now the 1 dating site in texas ! 
why are dead baby jokes the best ? because they never get old . 
everyone enjoys blonde jokes . except blondes , they don't get it . 
aren't all these chicken jokes getting a bit redundant and lame ? eggsactly 
i'll get you wetter than a scottish summer . 
a local bakery caught fire last night the whole place is toast 
smoke alarms are really just toast alarms . 
a short and a long joke * joke * joooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooke 
donald trump is what happens when a youtube commenter makes a billion dollars . 
what of the time are birds just chilling 
* puts fitbit on roomba * eats crackers with no plate or napkin 
if you want to hide your face , go out naked . 
who won the race between two balls of string ? they we're tied ! 
what were the french children doing in the pool ? piscine . 
what's the difference between fat and cholesterol you don't wake up with a cholesterol 
why were the proctologist's emails so hard to read ? too many colons . 
why does my 2yo insist on looking homeless when we leave the house ? 
why did tiger woods stop winning golf tournaments ? because he stopped cheating 
why did the buddhist photographer fail at taking pictures ? bad cam'ra 
how come notepad has no street cred ? it can't wrap . 
i fundamentally understand pacman because i too live my life sprinting after food 
what was the vegan rock band's first hit ? lettuce turnip the beet ! 
warner bros . before warner hos . 
talking to you makes me invent new swear words . 
it's okay to laugh at cancer , you'll probably get it . 
cripple jokes are terrible ... i just cant stand them ... 
what did helen keller say when she won the lottery ? uunnnnnnnnnnnnngggggggggggggg ! 
how do you piss off liquor store shoplifters and redditors ? cap locks . 
prove that lightning isn't wizards fighting . you can't . 
a man walks into a bar but it's atmospheric pressure so he's fine . 
the last hillary clinton email joke ... defeated 
what do you call a nice looking wwii german solider ? a neo hotzi 
studies show 3 out of 4 people make up 75 of our population . 
how much does a truck full of bones weigh ? a skeleton 
what's grey and never needs ironing ? a drip dry elephant ! 
what do you call a cowboy with erectile dysfunction ? clint southwood 
i thought i wanted a career , turns out i just wanted paychecks . 
i have aids and alzheimer's thank goodness i don't have aids 
what did people do every 5 seconds before facebook and twitter ? 
don't flatter yourself , any type of milkshake brings me to the yard . 
what is the preferred newspaper of lighting fixtures ? the lamp post . 
pretty upsetting that gummy worms are actual size but gummy bears are not . 
anyone have a good recipe for ice cubes ? 
why are canadians atheist ? because they are eh - theists . 
how does davy crockett like his pie ? alamo'd 
who is the favourite communist leader of all the cats ? mao 
some people are glistening beacons of nope . 
abs are for people who can't afford good food . 
wana hear a canadian joke ? toronto maple leafs . 
my relationship looks like vasectomy made a vas deferens to my relationship ... 
i'll have a 12 year old scotch . hold the scotch . 
i tried to add 1 1 but it was two complicated for me . 
how do you find an ants forefathers ? check it's ants - history . 
two maggots were fighting in dead ernest , poor old ernest . 
my friend lost his left hand ... he's all right now . 
i ran out of tortilla chips so i'm freebasing salsa . 
what do call having to settle for buying corn ? compra maize . 
what do you call a shy , soft - spoken hipster ? mumblr 
michelle obama should have dropped the mic and moonwalked out . 
life keeps reminding me that i have no idea what i'm doing 
me : rubbing stomach after a big meal waiter : please stop touching me 
request for a new client , your honor , i think this one's guilty 
" they dared me to " is always a valid excuse . 
q : what's mary short for ? a : she's got no legs . 
what is the bank manager's favourite type of football ? fiver side ! 
you can't spell " ducking " without " autocorrect " 
ted cruz looks like he puts ketchup all over his fries instead dipping them 
might i integrate your curves tonight ? 
what do people call mozart and beethoven after they died ? decomposers 
the most scientific pet ? the lab . 
what's the deal with circles . they're pointless . 
whats the opposite of feminism ? common sense 
what does the fox say ? go republicans ! 
what would valve call the next world war ? a global offensive . 
what's the least spoken language in the world ? sign language . 
what's the difference between 9 11 and your birth ? one was planned . 
my favorite romance novels begin with " preheat oven to 350 degrees " 
americans may pull guns but canadians ... . . . may pull leaves . 
what's an arab's favorite car ? citroen c4 
u . s healthcare bam 
it's election eve , not election and steve ! 
askreddit without the textbox . 
i hate lying people , they're always in my way to the ocean . 
what's darth vader's sister's name ? elle vader . * badum tsssss * 
what do blind trains read ? raile ! 
i got a wu ton ... wu tang futon 
lpt : if at first you don't succeed repost in another sub 
what was marie curie's fitness program on the airwaves called ? radio - activity 
did you hear about that new space mosque ? it's allah this world ! 
what did the jihadist say when he had explosive diarrhea ? allahpoo akbar ! 
* stands next to atm and cheers every time someone wins money * 
im so poor ... that my new years resolution is 144p 
rt if you've followed someone on twitter and then realized you hate them . 
what are a musician's favourite letters ? p and o . 
what happens when you put a condom inside another condom ? conception 
9 11 was a national tragedy . so is 11 9 . 
my girlfriend wanted a joule ... unfortunately i am out of fs . 
doctor doctor i'm a burglar ! have you taken anything for it ? 
the two most horrific words on the internet are " begin slideshow . " 
which actor is best suited for a programmer role ? dev patel . 
who's killed more natives than general custer ? jack daniels 
how does moses get his coffee ? he buys it from starbucks ... 
why do my eyes hurt ? because i got eye lashes . 
why couldn't the nsa leave their houses ? they got snowden . 
" i 3 you " means i'm smaller than 3 of you . 
hey commercials , thanks anyway but we're poor . 
geese just call them bumps . 
how do you stop an alien invasion ? you build a wall . 
i've never been pleased to meet anyone . 
if you can't win an argument , correct their grammar . 
i hate bipolar jokes ... they're hilarious . 
how many chimney does father christmas go down ? stacks ! 
my friend has a thing for sinking ships they go down quicker . 
someone told me testimony is unreliable i don't believe them . 
if i win the powerball , i'm going to make golf illegal . 
when chuck norris says " more cowbell " , he means it . 
top billiard player retires there are no queues . 
a woman isn't really heartbroken unless she does something drastic to her hair . 
* sinks into depression * depression : " wrong hole . " 
can you " pray away " asparagus pee ? 
what did the zombie farmer say he wanted ? grrraaaaiiinnns ... 
what drinking game is hillary clinton best at ? flip cup coin 
what band performed at the jefferson memorial ? nickelback 
why didn't edward leave russia ? cause he was snowden . 
this vacuum has amazing suction but no respect for my safe word . 
jared blames weight loss for his paedophillia . he could finally catch them . 
it's called mankind because womanmean just sounded too obvious . 
so how is your sushi ? meh , it's all rice . 
winter is natures way of telling you to polish . 
when people tell me to get a life i take theirs . 
beneath that furry exterior your cat has at least 6 neck tattoos . 
why did hitler lose the war ? because his tanks wouldn't stop stallin . 
you have the perfect face for radio . 
i've been starting my diet tomorrow for the last 20 years . 
a car pool is an extravagant waste of water . 
i'm not the jealous type . i wish i was , though . 
what's a butcher's favorite city ? cleaveland 
legs spread faster than lies these days 
can't trust em , y'al l ... http : imgur . com gallery oetxuyb 
what's the best part about going to a holocaust museum ? free fap material 
what's the most disappointing country in the middle east ? oman 
what do rappers use to write their lyrics ? word , yo . 
modern feminism . 
if opposites truly attract , the correct life strategy is to be a loser 
the pirate was pretty tired ... he yarwned . 
girls go to the bathroom together because that's where we rap battle 
middle age is mostly getting super excited about different flavors of hummus . 
if dracula saw twilight , he'd stake himself . 
how did the right triangle commit suicide ? with a hypote - noose 
i just clogged a urinal ? 
i hear louis ck is changing his name to louis c d 
what's hitler's favorite drink ? genocider 
damn girl are you a mouse because your body is decomposing in my drywall 
lent is a holiday invented by the banks to sell more loans 
what are the unspoken rules of sign language ? all of them 
congress is like autocorrect it causes more problems then fixing them . 
a rubberball company went broke ... but they bounced back 
pavlov's cats rule , pavlov's dogs drool . 
what's an epileptic's motto ? carpe diem . 
what do you call an affectionate island ? isle of view 
girlfriend is on her way over . aaaaaaannd history deleted . 
what is a worm's favorite city in alabama ? squirming - ham 
sh * t happens all the time , just flush and move on . 
did you hear about the guy born without a brain ? never mind . 
hillary clinton you're * fired ! 
how does a tail pipe feel after a long car ride ? exhausted . 
i feel old whenever someone tells me they were born in the 90's . 
what did the policeman say to his stomach ? your under a vest 
1 gingerbread man please sorry , they are soul out . 
why do sharks like stoners ? because they're baked snacks . 
i think you are amayonazing ! i'd take it as a condiment . 
alligators gonna alligate 
what's jamaica's greatest superhero ? dreadpool 
geology rocks 
your mother's so fat ... your father couldn't pull out in time . 
what it all boils down to is evaporation . 
people that over - exaggerate are the absolute worst . 
what is an elf's favourite kind of birthday cake ? shortcake ! 
a stormtrooper tried to commit suicide yesterday . 
my mental health is like a rainbow all over the spectrum 
viagra shipment stolen ... hardened criminals on the loose . 
sticks and stones may break your bones . also good : lead pipes . 
" follow your dreams ! " - someone born into money 
you have a smile that could light up a whole psych ward . 3 
life is like a box of chocolates everyone hates the dark ones 
on a scale of 1 to america , how free are you tonight ? 
what's furry has whiskers and chases outlaws ? a posse cat ! 
canada got rid of the penny . it makes no cents . 
i had that nightmare again last night where i tweet 141 characters 
revenge is a dish best served with a laxative that looks like chocolate . 
i wasn't dancing . i was trying to connect to the wifi . 
dark jokes post your darkest joke in the comments 
solution to world hunger : food . boom , done , next problem . 
whats the sickest piece of art ? pneumonia lisa 
why can't you use a palestinian toilet ? it's occupied . 
when god eats mushrooms he has delusions of regular . 
do bird watchers not know about tv 
why cant russians drive stick ? because they are always stalin ! 
" i saw lisa today ... dats hilarious ! " 
there should be way more poetry about cheeseburgers . 
what did the nazi police officer give to the schoolchildren ? swat sticka's ! 
how can a man go 7 days without sleeping ? sleep at night 
oscar pistorius wants a new bathroom door his girlfriend is dead against it . 
what's a jawa's favorite salad dressing ? ... . tahini ! ! ! 
what's bill cosby's new favorite snack ? jail - o 
do you know any bird that can write ? pen - guine . 
never trust volleyball players with your drinks they might spike em . 
what did the mongols put on their hamburgers ? khan - diments . 
i'm starting a new abortion clinic and naming it ... scrambled eggs . 
" zyzzyva , zyxst , zyxt ... " - noah webster's last words 
why public hairs not gone white ? 
whoever named the seesaw probably didn't get another chance to name stuff . 
what did bernie madoff say to bernie sanders ? i'll take your money ! 
everyone is constantly trying to be interesting that's why we're all so boring 
why are the best bellydancers all arabs ? because they can sheik it . 
i'm gonna color my hair ... or dye tryin 
the red wedding was my favorite part - - drone operator 
which star do the dinosaurs like best ? the one that keeps getting bigger 
it's not generic enough . producers of american sitcoms 
breaking up on twitter : it's not you it's me . 
shout out to amphibians . swimmin swimmin swimmin then bam ! walkin walkin walkin 
who do ghosts worship ? boo , duh ! ! ! 
ronda rousey lost a fight last night . 
i decided not to have any children . i kid you not . 
the suicide hotline is unbearable they always leave people hanging . 
what kind of eggs do canadians prefer ? grade eh ? 
what's worse than a polar bear ? a bi - polar bear . 
what type of plant can you use to make phone calls ? a telefern 
raise your right arm before you click . * tickle tickle tickle * 
sometimes , distance maketh the heart less likely to be stabbed 
what is palpatine's favourite breakfast pastry ? coruscant 
does sean connery like herbs ? yes , but only partially . 
i'm so glad i was young and stupid before there were camera phones . 
i heard the river in crimea is really condescending . 
i ate a pizza . just kidding lol 
if olive oil comes from olives where does baby oil come from ? 
life is too short for my book of 5 letter words . 
i wonder who the jonses try to keep up with . 
sometimes i miss having an appendix . . removed 
what does an optimist call the world trade center ? san diego . 
how many people work in your office less than half 
" you can even . " - white girl life coach 
checks for abs abs : i have a boyfriend 
like a good neighbor plow my driveway , not my wife 
i'll pronounce vegan " veegan " , when vegetables become " veegetables " . 
killing people is just like smoking cigarettes i can stop whenever i want 
* helping son with math problem * hour later just write 75 goddammit ! 
why does isis like sheep ? is - lamb ! 
guys calm down squirrels invented parkour 
noah ... the original pokemon master . 
i hate when people kick my cats ! it really hurts my felines . 
why do pens get sent to prison ? to do long sentences ! 
beef jerky is just a cow raisin 
why are pirates pirates ? because they arrrre 
you know you are canadian when 0c and sunny is beautiful warm day ... 
all pants are breakaway pants if you're angry enough 
going to war is the only way americans can learn geography . 
objects in the selfie are way sadder than they appear . 
" here's what i would do ... " - me , giving bad advice 
paid love costs less . 
why does the avon lady walk funny ? because her lips stick 
in my defense , your baby was crying before i dropped it . 
i cook with wine sometimes i even add it to the food . 
can't sleep knowing there's a toblerone in the mini bar . 
why can't an italian snake talk ? because it doesn't have any hands . 
which fish dresses the best ? the swordfish - it always looks sharp ! 
why was the bakers bread so expensive ? he needed the dough . 
did you here what the waiter did at the restaurant ? he waited 
call - in sick every morning to somewhere you don't work 
what's 9 10 21 
if you still talk about it , you still care about it . 
count chocula is undead to me . 
why do pretty faces happen to bad people ? 
what's better than 29 year olds ? 20 9 year olds sorry 
let he who is without sin , get the hell away from me . 
i guess you could say caitlyn jenner is ... transjennered . 
what do ghosts give birth to ? boo - bies . 
lawyer joke thread submit your favorite lawyer jokes ! 
what pen company did lance armstrong buy ? uniball 
rock , paper , scissors ? - the proctologist removing items from me 
what is cookie monsters favorite war ? vietnom nom nom nom 
why do so many people like harry potter ? it's a charming story . 
i'm actually a really nice guy once you get to blow me . 
how about a month filled with stress and obligation ? - pitch for december 
hey you guys ... ... " homo erectus " 
why palestinians have the fastest computers ? coz they have ram - allah 
what kind of papers do dogs write ? a ruff draft . 
" paintings or it didn't happen . " - 1700's - 1920 
running into someone from high school that got fat is better than christmas . 
don't make a scientist mad . they will research you . 
yo momma so stupid that blonds make jokes about how stupid she is . 
i'm busy now . can i ignore you some other time ? 
al pacino's brother is steaming that his parents ... named him cap . 
til the british used u - boats whoops , wrong sub 
my friend stopped making payments to his exorcist . he was soon repossessed . 
oh honey , you're not pretty enough to be that stupid 
brexitin5words he's just not into eu 
who was the only novelist with both direction and magnitude ? vector hugo . 
i only act to support my waitressing career . 
disappointment usually stems from expecting too much from strangers on facebook . 
who shot jr ? by u dunnit 
a fat lady was in a bikini . 
i was an alcoholic for seven years . today marks my eighth . 
where did the ghost go shopping ? at the boo - tique 
slowly , waldo's wife and mr . sandiego started putting the pieces together 
what company makes the best fireworks ? spacex 
grilled cheeses are the sweatpants of sandwiches . 
what was hitler's favourite drink ? mountain dew 
why are false teeth like stars ? because they come out at night . 
how do kids from chernobyl count to a 100 ? on their fingers 
the cross country athlete disappeared some think he ran away . 
what happens when two girl rabbits really like each other ? bunnylingus ! 
what is mr . t's favorite month ? april , fools 
what's john lennon's favorite card game ? yoko uno 
why was the egg late for work ? it ova slept . 
look mom , no meds ! 
where did the team get there uniforms ? new jersey 
q : where do ghosts live ? a : at the dead end . 
knock knock shoes there . must be the invisible man . 
i was once addicted to time travel but that's all in the past now 
who created the first diswasher ? god , and her name was eve . 
kanye west . 
never trust a parasol ... i hear they can be shady . 
i don't stereotype ... . i type with one hand . 
i repurposed some lumber . it was ex - siding . 
why was the anomaly so poor ? because it didn't make any cents ! 
what did the canadian reddit user say ? ehhhhh lmao 
smoke alarms are stupid - - like i'd ever forget to smoke . 
are there any rules for lending your kids out as migrant workers ? 
what makes perfect sense ? the u . s . mint cents 
time waits for no man , time is obviously a woman . 
you know you're clumsy when you drop a stick playing air drums . 
team deathmatch comment if you understand the reference . 
what did the pizza say to the pizza cutter ? wanna pizza me ? 
i am having an out of money experience . 
what's a bartender's favorite book ? tequilla mocking bird . 
not so great minds also think alike . 
my chess board grew a tumor thankfully it's b - 9 
what's the shortest book ever written ? french war heroes . 
what kind of eye disease do vampires get ? dracular degeneration . 
what did delaware ? idaho . alaska 
twitter : where hash is legal . 
jokes for and from esl teachers 
i hope my tombstone reads : matrixed 9 out of 10 bullets . 
what idiot called it airport facilities maintenance and not hangar management ? 
what animal has five legs ? a pitbull returning from a playground . 
never remove the shells from racing snails it makes them sluggish 
who won the monster beauty contest ? no one . 
what crime was committed against the coffee ? he was mugged . 
why didn't the insomniac attend his uncle's funeral ? he's not a mourning person 
what did the mathematician use to kill himself ? an hypotenuse . 
i just took a huge shot it was quite a vowel movement ! 
all these illegal immigrants ... xpost ... have crossed the line ! 
what is it called when a hacker poops ? logging out 
what do you call a religious termite in hungary ? buddha - pest 
how do cows measure time ? in mooments 
what app do you use to browse reddit on your phone ? 9gag 
what do you say to a guy with kidney stones ? urine trouble . 
what do you call trump riding the presidential plane ? hair force one 
who's got the tightest bod in the north pole ? abdominal snowman 
alcohol won't solve my problems , but neither will milk or orange juice . 
instagram before the foods goes in , twitter when the food goes out . 
just dropped my new single it's me i'm single 
what do you call a funny mosquito ? malarious - my gf's homemade joke 
what is the loneliest bayou in louisiana ? bayou self 
my wife caught me crossdressing . so i packed her things and left . 
people that whip their seats back on airplanes are almost certainly terrible lovers . 
what's a masturbator's favorite type of weather ? jack - it weather ! 
any writer can be a ghost writer if you kill them 
how do you get to carnegie hall ? take a taxi 
what goes well with a mans jean jacket ? a suicide note . 
please , keep talking . i always yawn when i am interested . 
* slowly unwraps a candy bar as neighbor talks about her new diet 
thank god i don't have to pay my computer's solitaire debts . 
let's talk about sausage ... . isn't it the wurst ? 
chalant isn't even a word . well played nonchalant . well played . 
what do you call a person with native american ancestry and alopecia ? apache 
your teeth are like the stars yellow and separated . 
if i'd shot you sooner , i'd be out of jail by now . 
the ravens could have beat the bengals . . . in an elevator . 
what does the horny scientist call a lobotomy ? getting head 
how to tell if an orange likes to party just invitamin - c . 
a family of crows flying into a windmill is a murder suicide 
what's the number one cause of dry skin ? towels . 
i have some great kitchen puns . they're really pantastic . 
why is it so hard to forgive hitler ? because he did nothing wrong 
yo mama so fat ... . pickup lines don't work on her . 
insomnia is very common . try not to lose any sleep over it . 
why are christmas trees like bad knitters ? they both drop their needles ! 
want your daily dose of vitamin c ? look at pictures of donald trump 
* hits rock bottom . * receives welcome basket from twitter . 
vladimir putin was recently late to a meeting he was really russian 
my wife's so square in bed she has cubic hair 
what did they call the suave printer salesman ? prints charming 
did you hear about the ambidextrous golfer ? he swings both ways . 
i have an on again off again relationship with clothing . 
china are probably making all the medals anyway . 
what is antarctica's version of tinder called ? pick up a penguin 
the day before rosh hashanah ... can be called adam's eve . 
i was supposed to make a mayweather joke but it ran away . 
i guess you can call 2chainz ... a master debater ... 
i'm pretty sure the phrase " sleep tight " originated in prison 
yo momma so homely ... elrond dwells there ! 
my default emotion is irrational rage . 
steve irwin should have wore sunblock ... ... to prevent against harmful rays . 
in australia , lawsuits are just what lawyers wear to court . 
what is ramsay bolton's favorite band ? cold flay 
why do women find christian grey so appealing ? beats me . 
haven't listened to staind since middle school ... ... it's been awhile 
subway wasn't the only thing jared fogle was eating fresh 
love doesn't need to be perfect , it just needs to be true . 
he died doing what he loved smelling things underwater 
how does yo - yo ma answer the phone ? cello ? 
if you steal a tesla ... does it become an edison ? 
how many kings of spain abdicated last week ? just juan 
men have feelings too . for example , sometimes we feel hungry . 
ninety percent of being an accountant is fighting off the babes ... 
see these bags under my eyes ? they're prada . 
a goddess makes a six second video da vine 
what do you make with an avogadro ? guaca - mol - e 
what was the olympic lifter missing from his bar ? weight for it ... 
what's snoop dogg's favorite author ? tolkien . 
some people are allergic to me . you know why ? deez nuts . 
if i ever get promoted to god i'm creating cupcake trees . 
what do you get when you put tea in pans pants 
what if there were no hypothetical situations ? 
what is a dog's favorite camp sport ? woofleball 
i mustache you a question ... but i'll shave it for later 
life is a highway and i don't have a car 
what diploma do criminals get ? the third degree . 
i'm pretty sure this zombie fad is dead ... but for how long ? 
what do white girls drink from ? oc muggs ! 
what's mario's favorite type of pants ? * denimdenimdenim * 
what is donald trumps favourite rap group ? run - dnc 
check out this article : the 
why is there so much segregation today ? all fridays matter 
what do nosey peppers do ? they get jalapeno business ! 
the nypd only does no - knock jokes . 
trying to make my teeth whiter , so i bought them a subaru . 
i nicknamed my urethra , franklin . 
why did the pancake cross the road ? his friends egged him on 
what does a guy with no friends be for halloween ? depressed 
i have restless life syndrome . 
you wouldn't hate anything about yourself if the world hadn't taught you how . 
where do space monsters live ? in far distant terror - tory . 
how do you call playing games while it snows heavily ? blizzard entertainment . 
what job can you see yourself doing ? inspecting mirrors 
i only chill with professional alcoholics ! ! ! 
what's the main religion of most ghosts ? boo dism 
i'm in an " open relationship " with eating healthy . 
the less you love a woman , the faster your hand gets tired . 
did the depressed rope maker succeed ? sadly , he did knot . 
what do vikings call the people that cut their hair ? barberians . 
how many catholics can you fit in a habit ? nun 
do we really need cheese and other kinds of food ? seems greedy . 
which street fighter is the least amicable ? the ryudest one ! ! 
when is a tree it's loudest ? when it begins to bark . 
* removes smoke detector battery * * cooks in silence 
if you're between a rock and a hard place ... stop using crack . 
how does a metalworker like his steak cooked ? wel - dern 
an owl mistook my man bun for a sleeping hamster again today 
i often use " unnecessary " quotation marks . 
what's believing in evolution ? apetheism 
how old is cam brain ? as old as trilobites . 
confucius says man entering airport door sideways bound to bangkok 
at least i've never taken a picture with an ipad . 
girl , is your name hoover ? cuz damn ! 
yo mama so fat when she bunje jumps she goes straight to hell ! 
how do you pay for incense ? in cents 
on the toilet for 20 minutes . wish you were here . 
my fisherman friend got his master's degree . now he's a master baiter . 
on what should you mount a statue of your cat ? a caterpillar ! 
the only difference between fear and adventure is how much you breathe . 
what do horny terrorists in airplanes do ? high jack . 
i took an ap test today psych . 
popup ads are the jehovah's witnesses of the internet . 
never underestimate an underachiever . we're capable of less than you think . 
know what i hate more than a hipster ? two hipsters . 
what do you call old , expired neosporin ? paleosporin 
ama character from the universal studios harry potter world really ! i'm sirius ! 
what kind of chemical bond is hispanic ? an ester bond 
lady gaga is so nasty i wouldn't even poke her face . 
i'm only here for the free food 
my wife : donating blood me : that's from both of us 
digger nick wasn't invited back to the dyslexic miners against racism conference . 
people reckon i'm too patronizing that means i treat them as if they're stupid 
what dogs are best for sending telegrams ? wire haired terriers ! ! 
impressing the mcdonald's drive thru people with my music is always a top priority 
why don't they have werewolves in asia ? they get eaten . 
i use google earth to see which yards have milkshakes . 
how did obama celebrate his reelection ? he hosted a democratic party . 
* baby presses snooze to stay in womb extra 10 minutes * 
spoiler ending of civil war . lincoln gets killed at the end . 
best blonde jokes ? 
i got a bone to pick it's been stuck in my teeth for days 
it was the busta rhymes , it was the wursta rhymes 
children because how else could you collect teeth without seeming psychotic . 
what do you call an std that only reptiles can get ? gatoraids . 
i'm never tired . they call me ironman 
i heard the catchiest joke yesterday ... women's softball . 
im probably the best ever at being humble . 
how does robin williams go thrift shopping ? good will hunting 
how do canadians say milky way ? milky eh ... . get it ? 
how do you eat an indian taco ? lift her gut . 
avoid arguments about the toilet seat ... use the sink ... 
removing the skin of an orange ... that's appealing . 
my love for you is like gonorrhea ... it burns ! 
whats the square root of a onion ? ? ? shallots _ 
my wife's a magician . she can turn anything into an argument . 
that's the last time i play twister with a guy in a kilt . 
free wifi ! why ? was mr . wifi wrongfully accused or something ? 
mad respect to people who can stop eating when they're full . 
what if bane's mask was really just a cool , elaborate electronic cigarette ? 
friend : i'm pregnant me : you should have just got a dog 
first rule of flight club ... no penguins . 
" i totally nailed that guy " - roman soldiers 
i'm pretty sure i'm a hypochondriac . 
what do you call a baby deer's droppings ? fawndoo ! nailed it . 
ever heard of the blind gynecologist ? he could read lips 
this vegan i met said she knew me but i'd never seen herbivore 
who do you call when your x wing is stolen the poelice 
life's a piano and i'm wearing boxing gloves 
why do skateboarders make lousy plumbers ? because they only use half pipes . 
facepalm ? is that facetime for blind people ? 
why do republicans hate math ? they were never comfortable with integration . 
i'm 100 sure zebra's didn't earn those things . 
no thanks , alcohol free mouthwash , my life is depressing enough . 
being the first to move in chess . it's a white privilege . 
what lies on its back 100 feet in the air ? a centipede 
i hate it when people call me four letter words like innumerate . 
sometimes i think these kardashians are just doing stuff for the attention . 
" time heals all wounds " - rattlesnakes 
sorry i handed you a broom when you asked for a ride . 
what do you call a finn , who gets something done ? - finnished 
8 11 never forget what ? too soon ? 
usda steak inspector ? yep ! chuck testa ! 
why is it called a shampoo . . if it smells good ? 
what would happen if all the rattatas died ? they would be eraticated 
in the czech republic abortions are known as cancelled czechs 
my spirit animal is fried chicken 
what do palestinian children dream of becoming when they grow up ? old 
what do frogs deal ? croakaine 
* wakes from a dead sleep * shouldn't red bull give you horns ? 
my door was not working i couldn't handle it 
why couldn't bing start a fire ? no matches founds 
how do people in nor cal get around ? hella copters 
" love " means never having to say " i'm scoreless at tennis " 
have you seen how expensive balloons are lately ? bloody inflation . 
popeye was a lonely sailor no wonder why he had such big forearms . 
what did general patton do on thanksgiving ? he gave tanks . 
what's something that slaves have and rich people want ? nothing ! 
90 of parenting is just screaming at your kids to stop screaming . 
big girls are like mopeds i'll get drunk and wreck them too . 
what is jean - paul sartre's favorite animal ? lemur . 
what do you call korean soul food ? okra gangnam style 
i hate suicide bombers ... ... . . they should just kill themselves 
webmd auto dialed an ambulance when i entered my chicken nugget intake . 
three guys walked into a bar and stopped 
why can't men get mad cow disease ? because they're all pigs . 
i never picked my nose . i was born with it . 
since everyone is writing a poem , please don't read mine deleted 
the active ingredient in red bull is chuck norris's sweat . 
damn girl are you a cobweb cause you're really clingy and annoying 
are people with googly eyes better at searching for stuff ? 
your mother is a 10 on the richter scale when she walks 
where do you go during a zombie apocalypse ? the living room . 
no job ? ? better blow - job than no - job ! 
what do fat people call the runs ? the walks 
what is the hamburgers most familiar song ? home on the range ! 
- - - - homeless romantic 
" i invented the cubicle . " - someone hopefully in hell 
what do you call an all guy christian party ? a susej fest 
i've kidnapped 100 kids and killed 10 of them only 90 kids can remember 
he told me he was uncomfortable dating someone with so much inflatable furniture . 
its been a while since the last crazy frog cd . whats the holdup 
why was the necrophiliac depressed ? his rotten girlfriend split on him . 
i'm so good at making puns they call me the punisher . 
i've been a huge fan of bandwagons since yesterday . 
want to here a joke ? something something irish drunk person 
thinking about opening a restaurant for breast cancer survivors . it's called hooter . 
* doesn't look up from phone * i do 
how does snoop dogg keep his canine teeth white ? bleeeeee - yatch ! 
three is fore for four . and aft to two too . 
" we do not negotiate with pterodactyls . " - president barack obamasaurus 
* shoots self in foot * " damn i like the metaphor better " 
where does david cameron keep his hidden money ? in the piggy bank 
what's half a joke look like ? 
rick ross on valentines day " shout out to all the pairs " 
turkey and russia turkey is going to be putin place by russia . 
which part of an eagle is the hardest ? the pecker . 
press 1 for english press 2 for spanish press 1 or 2 for indian 
hyperboles are the most overused thing in the universe . 
the handicap parking at the special olympics must be insane 
storm what do call if it was raining nazis ? a heil storm 
which do catholic priests like betterapples or cherries ? neitherthey prefer boysenberries . 
coffee makes my mornings . but friday makes my week 
it is too hot in india now there's a cap for that . 
what's the loudest economic system ? capitalism 
what does a pirate light on the fourth of july ? a m80 . 
some people are so poor , all they have is money . 
where can you find baby dwarfs ? at a dwarfanage 
funniest youtube channel ? mark fitzgibben , brandon berg or brokaine ? xddd 
a gofundme , so i can buy an avocado . 
what do you call an atheist cartoon ? fedora the explorer 
so many environmentalists are very eco centric . 
how does the guy who drives the snowplow get to work ? 
how do you start a hedgehog race ? say " gah " . 
where do esport players go if they get arrested ? guantanamo ebay 
trying to be less negative but it'll never work . 
what is a gathering of octopus called ? octoposse 
what's better than a violin on your bed ? a fiddle between the sheets 
you know how to detect procrastinator , 
what key won't let you through any doors ? a turkey . 
i disapprove of every conspiracy of which i am not a part . 
what's it like never being flaccid ? hard . 
orange is the new ... most used word on r jokes 
i tried ballet , but i never got the pointe . 
why can't you email jokes to a jedi ? because attachments are forbidden 
what's colorless and smells sweet ? chloroform shhhh . . 
why don't dairy farmers wear flip flops ? because they lactose . 
what time do lumberjacks take their tea - break ? tree o'cl ock ! 
71 of all statistics are ... ... made up 
marijuana doesn't kill your brain cells . you're just an idiot . 
got an a on my paper ... time to write the rest of it 
hummingbirds i finally found out why hummingbirds hum they don't know the lyrics . 
watching house of cards where are the cards 
my kids think all food includes long , dark hairs as standard . 
the irish must be very rich ... ... since their capital is always dublin 
why did the boy drop his ice cream he was hit by a bus 
the poorest man can be rich if he gets a bunch of money . 
you've heard of memes ... . . but now there's youyou's 
i don't believe in peer pressure . unless my friends do ... 
what's worse than a dead baby nailed to a tree ? ... the holocaust 
did you know that iceland has the death penalty ! it's called ramadan 
i remember when the history channel actually played music ! 
what was hitler's favourite video game ? mein kraft 
what did the bee call his military mission ? " operation pollination " 
if ball is life , where is the afterlife ? ballhalla 
how does ice - cube drink his milk ? straight outta carton . 
yo mama is so easy even a caveman could do her . 
knock knock who's there ? you are directed by m night shayamalan 
a joke i heard about the greatest story never told 
what is the primary job of an alligator ? ... make allegations 
a seven year old girl goes to subway and orders a footlong jared delivers 
what christmas carol do they sing in north korea ? we three kims 
if amy poehler was a cold front ... . she'd be the poehler vortex 
i overdosed on viagra once it was the hardest day of my life 
what is chuck norris " best karate move " ? pork chop ! 
i finally understood handling printers . lol 
to keep guacamole from going bad just be there for it 
i listen to your prayers , but only to correct their grammar . 
what did the hippie say when asked to leave the party ? namaste . 
my wife gives me the speaking treatment . 
i've been up for 30 seconds and i am already exhausted . 
mariah carey'a new year's performance . that's it ... 
should america stop dumping money into a giant hole ? theonion 
what did the french stoner say ? 80 blaze it 
why are math students so skinny ? because they buy no meals . binomials 
what do you call a female deer with no eyes ? cotton eye doe 
10101 20 sorry , i'm a bit high right now . 
i went on reddit once i reg - reddit 
what do you call a romanian grocery clerk ? scanthesku 
im straight edge i only drink beer and smoke meth 
the average goat is 9 carrots tall if you measure goats in carrots 
why do prison guards use proactive ? to prevent further breakouts . 
i've been working out at starbucks lately . hitting the french press . 
pick up artists and garbage men should switch names . 
what is a traveler's favorite font ? times new roamin ! 
knock knock nice try kiddo , i'm homeless 
just bought animal crackers and a kayak . i hate you costco . 
just imagine great britain without tea ... grea briain 
my mother - in - law was diagnosed with cancer ... finally . 
what is ahmed mohamed's favorite band ? dethklok 
if you hate someone on your christmas list , buy them parakeets . 
thankful that americans have one day a year when they can overindulge . 
i have so much uneaten hummus in my refrigerator , it's borderline racist . 
i have no idea how the cavemen could afford to eat paleo . 
why didn't british explorers dig latrines ? they had pith helmets . 
by shear coincidence ... ... all these sheep look the same ... 
i can't personally remember an olympics with better toilet reporting 
my boyfriend thinks i'm beautiful well they do say that love is blind ! 
i have almost 120 , 000 miles on my office chair . 
you're like the menstrual cramp and bloating of people . 
what can be found in a judge's freezer ? just ice . 
a flashlight is a case for holding dead batteries . 
the patriots winning a super bowl without cheating 
your skin looks great do you use concealer ? i dab . 
how much do pirates pay for their earrings ? about a buccaneer ! 
what sort of dance do fish do at parties ? the conga ! 
what does a cat call a bowl of mice ? a purrfect meal ! 
i'm having a lot of difficulty with knitting oops , wrong thread . 
a segway segway oh hey , speaking of segways ... . 
you know what's funny ? my life : 
this coffee would work better if i could throw it at people . 
my mother my father condom most awesome person alive ! 
i accidentally watched 2 minutes of golf and my pants turned plaid ! 
sailors really want to be cool . but they're just naut . 
i'm confuses systems of measurement centimetres old . 
what was the best thing kurt cobain ever released ? the safety . 
only justin bieber could make doing drugs look not cool ... 
if you really want people to notice you , be a typo . 
hanging out at the pet store , teaching all the birds cuss words 
what do you call a booger that you've been squishing for awhile ? boograr 
my overnight bag is just a backpack full of sour patch kids . 
" stay strong ! " i said to my wi - fi signal . 
i'm angrier than a waitress forced to sing happy birthday 
why did mary and joseph's wifi get hacked ? because jesus wept . 
i hate guitarists ... they're so picky . 
donald trump's campaign 
she's a cosmetologist , bro . astronaut stuff . 
please stop making 9 11 jokes ... they're very plane . 
wanna hear a secret ? i killed mufasa ! 
parrot gets around 
the road to success is always under construction . 
do cats stutter ? no , but they paws . credit : u magneticman245 
look ma no friends 
if life was reddit ... i'd still be unpopular 
what's the pope's least favorite human bone ? the blasphemur . 
what does the aardvark call his dog ? aard - bark ! 
star wars spoiler : ross and rachel end up together in the end . 
where do baby soy beans come from ? they come from edamames 
i love the neocortex ... it's always at the forefront of my mind 
how often do i see alligators ? ocajunally 
does anyone else's smart phone make periodic ringing noises ? 
why do ghosts never age ? they use bootox . 
i met my grandmother in mexico she looked familia . 
love means never having to say youatmre canadian . 
i have a collection of captured mosquitoes ... i'm not happy one bit . 
why can't whitney houston be a pharmacist ? she over doses 
your mom is so fat she's the trunk of the family tree 
why are blondes so easy to get into bed ? who cares ? 
carbon dating . what carbon does when its lonely . 
don't joke ... . about hobos because they are just poor . 
why couldn't the octopus stop laughing ? because it had ten tickles 
a tree silently weeping as firemen steal its cat . again ! 
speed dating ? you mean pizza delivered in less than 30 mins ... 
what did tupac say when his best friend died ? no biggie . 
my noisy upstairs neighbour reminds me of that person i killed next week . 
you know what would make my cubicle super cute ? fire . 
breaking : polaroid photo taken . more on this story as it develops . 
currently helping my son search for his chocolate that i ate last night . 
i type everything in lower case because i don't give a shift 
there's nothing a floored gas pedal and cranked music can't cure . 
the insurmountable problem by major setback 
i've finally decided to do something about my weight ... lie . 
why was the kitten fired from his telemarketing job ? for catcalling 
wyoming ? why won't you kiss me ? because i'm cheyenne . 
what do dark jokes and food have in common ? not everyone gets them 
what's a dragon ball fan's favourite food ? vegeta - bles 
can someone give me an arrow ? i knee'd it . 
hey , how come they're not playing videos on mtv any more ? 20yearcoma 
what's the main ingredient in mana potions ? caster sugar . 
i told my sandwich to " go make me a girlfriend " 
why didn't the lipid ask for water he wasn't carbohydrated 
stop changing your profile picture in a desperate attempt to get compliments . 
what did pikachu say to ash catchem ? pikachu 
what kind of doctors are like spiders ? spin doctors ! 
i guess i now know what the pope is giving up for lent . 
how do you call kanye west's pizza ? cheezy jeezy . 
wow if i squint through the tears i look pretty thin ! 
if anyone needs any morals , i have some i'm not using . 
what's green and bad for your eyes ? an alligator . 
stephen tyler looks like he's made from leftover pieces of mickey rourke . 
i wish there was an observation deck at walmart . 
why is hellen keller bad at driving ? because she's dead . 
if you say " gullible " slowly it sounds just like " orange " 
whats the difference between hell and gaza ? there's no kids in hell 
r jokes removed 
what do elephants sing at christmas ? noel - ephants noel - ephants ... 
are you a witch ? cause i heard you like riding broomsticks . 
feminists won't get this ... anywhere 
i need to do laundry so bad i'm actually wearing christmas stockings 
what's your ring tone ? pinkish with a bit of brown . 
in case of a zombie apocalypse , i'm surrounding my house with treadmills . 
why did the demon get arrested ? posession 
new york sports 
do you guys have pc cheese ? i'm not really a mac guy 
why did the computer get a virus ? he wasn't using protection . 
who can't tell the difference between short and long ? this subreddit mods 
my grandfather invented the cold air balloon it never really took off . 
the police never think its as funny as you do . 
misery loves company . company : " i have a boyfriend . " 
christmas decorating 101 - puts fake snow on halloween decorations your move martha stewart 
i have ebola . ama 
sometimes i make myself feel important by thinking in a british accent . 
in a landslide victory , landslides crush their opponents . 
what do you call a cold thief a rob - buurr 
what does a bunny use when it goes fishing ? a harenet . 
what's john cena's favourite part of the sunset ? the cenary 
why is stormtrooper always late from work ? he keeps missing his train 
why don't you ever see michael jordan at wimbledon ? only whites allowed 
why do vegans hate themselves ? they are animal products . 
what's the most common blood type in taiwan ? type a . 
where does a mathematician go when he gets hurt ? l'ho spital . 
are you a carpenter ? because your fabricating stories ! 
what game do m night shymalan's family play at christmas ? secret satan . 
my friend matt really likes bullfighting . specifically , mattadores bullfighting 
how does a white girl prepare for the world ? basic training . 
i really love bikes . i'm a pedalphile . 
what followed the dinosaur ? it's tail ! 
how do you silence an italian ? cut off his hands 
zuckerberg's next aquisition will be twitter to complete his wtf trilogy . 
what is less kosher than a bacon wrapped shrimp ? a communion wafer 
told ya i can time travel ! 
always remember ... . a mirror never lies . fatty 
you know who are great at shadow puppets ? deaf people . 
olympic rowing ... literally is taking place in sewage . 
what did a piece of tofu say when it got dirty ? misoyaki ! 
what did the nosey pepper do ? it got jalepeno business ! 
what is the most complicated " your momma " joke you know ? 
what drives the hype train ? the hyper drive . 
why did the chemist die ? he ate a pb and j sandwich . 
my mom told me to only say sorry if i've killed someone sorry mom 
what's green and eats nuts ... syphilis . 
i guess tom hiddleston and taylor swift couldn't keep their relationship ... loki . 
went from being single to being single like a boss . 
you can't have your cake and thigh gap too . 
very windy and rainy out today ... . thanks trump 
time travel jokes never get old . 
how do epileptics greet people ? they shake . 
marriage is for people who want their break ups to involve paperwork . 
life is like a box of idiots . 
what do you call graduates from secret society school ? alumniati 
double negatives : a big no no 
confused . com adverts they're kinda confusing 
if you're cold ... go stand in a corner . they're 90 degrees . 
bad advice to a suicidal person hang in there 
" feeling sad ? we can help make it worse " - online dating 
what's a racist bakers favourite ingredient ? white flour ! 
a palindrome walks into a bar , says yasraba otni sklawem ordnilapa . 
why are fleas never happy ? they're in - fur - iated . 
quickie or quiche ? 
just got a cat with a limp called it oedipus the needipus . 
what's the definition of necrophilia ? the urge to pop a cold one . 
here's a joke for all you mind readers out there ... 
what's brian david mitchell's favorite movie ? get smart 
beware the sata of march much faster than the ides 
how do you call an unlocked phone ? married and virgin . 
why can't the armless girl comb ? because she already had cancer . 
desire to not get beat up desire to wear a cloak 
" haha yeah totally " - me to cab drivers 
* rolls up sleeves * * gets high on sleeves * 
make someone's day better by not showing up for work 
billy connolly tells just about the funniest story ever 
i'm no master of suspense , but ... 
what is littlefinger's favorite castle in all of westeros ? haremhal 
" just how drunk are you ? " - " french toast " 
do scientists know how ebola effects white people yet ? 
woe , gone . rip sir terry 
my favourite sweets by annie seedball 
every chair is a reclining chair when you're drunk . 
adrian belew he needed the money . 
hydrogen punched helium ... helium didn't react . 
hilary and trump are on a sinking boat . who is saved ? america 
a group of held hands can raise your spirits . it's seance ! 
whats a frogs favourite type of shoe ... open toaded shoes 
what do you call a pig with no clothes on ? streaky bacon ! 
what's 2 blink 182 46 
how do epileptics keep fit ? with strobe lights . 
what is a berry's favorite farewell ? " acai you later ! " 
if trump is the answer ... . how stupid is the question ? 
what do electricians say when they meditate ? ohm ... 
i will give you reddit gold if you dont read this . 
why did the chip chase the sauce ? to ketchup edit : i'm sorry 
why was the atom laughing ? because part tickles . 
what was the name of the antartic terrorist group ? iceis 
why doesn't the sun need to go to university ? he's too bright . 
ghetto wet floor sign : caution , b * tches be trippin ... 
what drink do you have on halloween ? mali - boo 
10 bucks says kanye signed the guest book at his own wedding . 
you put the shhh in bullshhhit . 
nhl referees 
which fly captured the ladybird ? the dragon - fly . 
comedy is like a baby shower useless if the delivery goes wrong 
just honked at a red light . that doesn't work . 
i can't believe the queen knighted mix - a - lot . 
why was the bull popular with all the cows ? because he was smooooooooth 
faberge's eggs hey , wife ! i've bought the faberge's eggs . both ... 
i could literally eat every day and not get sick of it . 
what did sherrock holmes say to his partner ? sedimentary my dear watson ! 
what is the most religious unit in electrical engineering ? ohm . 
what is it called when you dream in color ? a chromatose 
what did the dead magician say ? abra - cadaver 
in heaven you get back all the chapsticks you lost 
yeah but how do misinformed people feel about it ? 
cheer up you won't be single forever . one day you'll die 
has a conversation in my head - cackles with mirth 
happy halloween ... why did the ghost enter the bar ... for the boooos 
4 former presidents walk into a bar clinton gets a new std 
what type of punch hurts kids the most ? a sandy hook 
" all you need is love . " - billionaire musicians 
you heard about pluto ? that's messed up , right ? 
and they lived apathetically ever after . 
how did john lennon like his pop tarts ? strawberry filled forever . 
what's an alcoholic's favourite type of maths ? swigonometry . 
a hamstring is really just lady gaga's lingerie . 
maybe it's chicken that tastes like everything . 
my review of ebert's latest venture : i give it 6 feet down 
abortion is an out of body experience for fetuses 
there's a new joke on this subreddit 
what's malcolm x's favorite mountain dew flavour ? white - out . 
hello darkness my old friend , i fell and broke the lamp again 
professional wrestler name : office max . signature move : three hole punch . 
who is the scientist's favorite zombie ? the schrodinger cat . 
what did hugh hefner say when he got to heaven ? meh 
why do only bald people get cancer ? 
what's michelle's favourite vegetable ? barackoli i'm sorry i'll leave now ... 
what ? s orange and rhymes with parrot ? carrot 
what's the funniest thing you can find in a closet ? robin williams 
technically , all vehicles are time machines . 
how does the karate kid pleasure himself ? wax off 
ay gurl , are you a beaver . cause dam . 
pretty ironic how there's an active ingredient in marijuana . 
what are pillowy breasts made of ? mammary foam 
i tried running once . but i kept spilling my beer . 
what bee is good for your health ? vitamin bee ! 
i love reddit you guys are great . 
the world's shortest dirty joke ... gynecologist found drug stash . 
what do native americans call vegetarians ? poor hunters 
this banker i know has absolutely no friends ... i think he's loanly 
where does the aardvark family always come first ? in the phone book ! 
what kind of cookies do atoms eat ? fig neutrons 
whatever i was born in like 10 mangers 
i told my wife she would look pretty bald if she were bald . 
i don't suffer from insanity . i enjoy every minute of it . 
why is it hard to sleep at night and easy during day 
how to end world hunger ? by letting the hungry die . 
if a furry says they're sorry ... ... is it an anthropology ? 
why didn't the drummer commit the crime ? he couldn't handle the repercussions . 
what was the cat painting a self pawtrait . 
i used to have dreams ... then i became an insomniac 
my teacher touched me seriously , his lecture was fantastic 
without depression what would white people do for a personality 
why is oliver north like kraang ? they both love using the shredder . 
save your breath ... you'll need it to blow up your date . 
nsfw never look down on someone unless you're getting head 
where does the cia buy its groceries ? whole foods 
try saying " good luck " without sounding sarcastic . good luck . 
who is cap'n crunch's superior officer ? general mills 
what do 8 hobbits make ? a hobbyte . 
why did bibi netanyahu lie on a couch licking his balls ? likud . 
my voicemail message is a 20 second recording of me sighing . 
how do you summon a wizard taxi ? cabracadabra ! 
why are cigarettes sold at gas stations when smoking is prohibited there ? 
every cab ride for me is 75 fake laughter . 
there's a special place in he'll for autocorrect 
have you ever been hit repeatedly by a wave ? it hertz a lot 
at last , a herb related joke it's about thyme 
guess who won't be winning world cup this year ? brazil . 
tonight's democratic debate 
my friend is obsessed with navy destroyers he warships them . 
what do you call a canadian girl that can not sing ? justin bieber 
a standard elevator can hold 1700 lbs or 5 tinder matches ... 
how do you upset a plumber ? kidnap his princess . 
my username 
hipsters came before the chicken and the egg . 
justin bieber comedy roast - 10 meanest jokes 
what do you call a female hitler ? this post has been deleted 
what happened when the chicken ate cement ? she laid a sidewalk ! 
how do you spell canada in canadian ? c eh n eh d eh 
wanted : a pack of polo's , unopened . in mint condition 
a joke without brevity is just a long explanation of something that's funny 
i had pamphlets printed up for when someone asks what's wrong with me . 
why didn't the rabbit want to mate outside ? because it was frigid 
finally figured out why even smart people fall for click bait ... 
that confusing moment when the person you hate at work brings donuts 
how do you catch a red elephant ? with a red elephant trap . 
say what you want about north korea , but ... something something r pyongyang 
what is so good about dead baby jokes ? they never get old 
who wore it better : russell brand or steven tyler's microphone stand 
what do you call a charitable cookie container ? a good samoa - tin 
my first wife was a great housekeeper . she kept both houses 
friend request poke message phone number text meet bang 
that's not what he meant ! 
what is grey and comes in pints ? an elephant ! 
earth is indeed bipolar , but it's not a disorder . 
" i'd pap that . " - gynecolgist 
if cavemen had twitter we would still not have fire . 
texas . where the vegan menu item is chicken . 
i want you to fu . . this rusty pipe . ftw ? ? 
women are like pianos ... if they're not upright , they're grand . 
my other calendar is a packet of birth control pills . 
photos : world's tallest man meets world's shortest man 
what do computer experts do at weekends ? go for a disk drive . 
tried googling " missing medieval servant " but i kept getting page not found 
medical problems are the 1 cause of death . 
why did the pig go into the kitchen ? he felt like bacon . 
what would be the name of a rock if she's female ? rockelle . 
the name's case ... justin case . 
whag did one cat say to the other ? meow 
my favorite alcoholic drink is probably sleep . 
she'll be coming around the mountain when she comes . - mountain bragging . 
the millionaire by ivor fortune 
prom tip : don't have a baby 
i am harvard law graduate and interim ceo of reddit ellen pao . ama 
they should have an academy award for " most acting . " 
where do the most murders occurr in a super market ? the cereal aisle 
you had me at being a woman . 
why'd the british man cross the ocean ? freedom . 
have you ever noticed how funny observational humor is ? 
who does a ghoul fall in love with ? his ghoul friend . 
i went to a shredded cheese convention the other day ... it was grate 
my superpower is understanding iphone text typos . 
my wife left me * sobs uncontrollably * 
interesting that on opposite day you cannot declare that it is so . 
how do you take a pig to hospital ? by hambulance ! 
i'm definitely the drunkest person in this ball pit . 
don't you love nature , despite what it did to you ? 
financial status : googling " sell kidney " 
my ship has sailed , now i am waiting for the ufo . 
so what did the reddit admins said to the mods ? 
what if the daleks start eating an apple a day 
beer makes me less afraid of clowns . 
why did the irishman wear two condoms ? to be sure to be sure 
how does the enthusiastic chef serve his burgers ? with relish 
you're like a fat stump , i'm always falling over you . 
when going to a furry convention ... everyone is game . 
the internets recipe for cream pie is different than my grandmothers 
forget netflix and chill . it's time for imax and climax ! 
what changes faster than technology ? taylor swifts boyfriend 
33 , male , jerusalem . you ? 
birds that have mating rituals ... i bet they just wing it . 
the c in cnn stands for cterrible 
in my opinion , the most important part of any meal is the ingredients 
how do you clean a seat for a woman ? wipe your face 
sometimes waking up means the best part of your day is over ! 
scientists discover that viagra can also be used to grow new bone . 
til 6 . 7 billion people are the minority by arrogant ignorant americans . 
you say tomato i say gross 
what's up late and optimistic ? 
masking tape never makes a very realistic mask . 
that's the thing with mental health it's all in your head . 
why are elephants grey ? so you can tell them from flamingos ! 
did you hear about the shoemaker who went bankrupt ? he was insolevent 
what's the healthiest cuisine ? vitaminese food . 
which sports team honors the true spirit of thanksgiving ? the redskins 
i got food poisoning ... not sure when i'm a gonna use it . 
why can't girls play hockey ? their pads can't last three periods 
how can you find a fag in a newspaper ? it's not hard . 
what does mark wahlberg eat for breakfast ? funky bunches of oats 
what do you call a happy prosecutor ? smiles edgeworth 
if dogs can eat raw chicken , so can i . - dead people 
you've cat to be kitten me right meow . 
remember : what dad really wants is a nap . really . 
why was teddy roosevelt mean to horses ? he was a rough rider ! 
i'm so anti - social , my misery loathes company . 
how do you greet a rastafarian who's out of work ? jahbless 
is toasting with deaf people offensive ? hear hear ... 
what's lorde's favourite band ? yeah yeah yeahs 
what insect lives on nothing ? a moth because it eats holes . 
tifu by rubbing yeast infection cream on my face whoops wrong scrub 
" there are hot shingles in your area " - my doctor 
the opposite of iceland is water water 
someone remind green day to get up . 
why didn't microsoft release windows 9 ? because windows 7 ate 9 . 
i just found out i'm colorblind it came out of the yellow . 
so this ethiopian's eating a lion right ... just kidding 
the quickest way to a man's heart is with chuck norris fist . 
what happens when a nun becomes pregnant ? they fire a canon . 
i don't ever use my blinker . it's nobody's business where i'm going . 
why was ohm the empire's best scout ? he discovered the resistance 
i can't wait for kim kardashian to get old 
thanks for the free womb board , mom ! happy mother's day . 
what's hairy and flies through the air ? jonathan livingstone gorilla ! 
i had a friend from ukraine . now he's from russia . 
her : see ya later alligator ! me : * slithers into swamp * 
if you enjoyed the film mean girls ... you'd love standard deviation girls ! 
prison diary day 7 nobody is respecting the swear jar 
masturbation comes in handy . literally 
i hate insects puns , they really bug me . 
lunch . meeting . sure , let's ruin both at once . 
what is spock's birth control method vulcanized rubber 
these coffee flavored rice cakes are delicious , but chewy . eats another coaster 
everybody loves raymond . except chuck norris . 
which game of thrones character doesn't stink ? bran he is hodorless 
why is sleep only fun when you're supposed to be awake ? 
what does a redneck garden gnome hate more than anything ? transplants 
ten out of one women is a russian nesting doll 
does california have * any * water ? i seriously drought it . 
why don't pediatricians like to wait ? because they have little patients . 
what has hands but can't clap ? stephen hawking 
what is a duck's favorite drug ? quack sorry for wasting your time 
i am afraid of heights that's why i never get high ! 
who is hitler's favourite character in star wars ? princess leiabensraum 
what is apple's favorite song ? " hit the road jack " 
my girlfriend calls me duracell because i last up to 10 times longer 
what kind of cars do jedis drive ? a toy - * yoda * 
your mama is so : need some material . . 
don't tell me i look tired unless you're offering to carry me 
i used to live with a girl ... until she realized i was there 
why is putin always early ? because hes russian rush - en 
wtc that awkward moment when your crush asks who your crush is 
my relationship status : waiting for a miracle . 
did you hear about the mod that got pissed off ? deleted 
what do musicians get after they eat a candy bar ? a wrapper . 
what do you feed a 600 pound gorilla ? anything it wants ! 
where does a catholic cat go when it dies ? purrrgatory . 
what's a life without units ? unmeasurable . 
what do you call the scottish dentist ? phil mccavity ! 
if you see me with a water bottle , there's probably vodka in it 
sacred cows make the best hamburgers . 
i voted for giant meteor for 2016 guess i'll just hope for another . 
what fish only swims at night ? a starfish ! 
you heard what pedro the weatherman reported ? chili today , hot tamale 
when chemists die , ... do they barium ? 
if someone from new jersey bites you , are you from new jersey ? 
why was mussolini never invited to parties ? he was always fascistly late . 
what's gatsby's favorite and least favorite superhero ? green lantern and deadpool . 
what did the beaver say when he fell in water ? damn it . 
wore camouflage pants once . still can't find my legs . 
why did the chicken get sent off ? for persistent fowl play ! 
what performance enhancing drugs do penguins use ? polaroids 
buddha is not a god but he sure looks like he ate one 
why can't kimbo slice beat mike tyson ? because he's dead . 
what do get when a ghost picks his nose ? boooooogers ! 
you still use internet explorer ? you must like it nice and slow . 
" i look ridiculous ! " - - first wolf in sheep's clothing 
who is the hardest person to find in hide and seek ? daniel morcombe 
they should put barf bags in all the voting booths this year . 
i love defenseless animals , especially in a good gravy . 
why don't i play chess with the prodigy ? they smack my bishop 
walmart : because going to target requires a shower . 
i'm sorry i said your head looks too small to power your body . 
name an x - man that is also a transformer bruce jenner 
man who stand on toilet ... high on pot ! 
what do you call guacamole that won't talk to you ? incommunicado 
doctor doctor i'm boiling up ! just simmer down ! 
my nickname for my mother is hannibal lecture . 
does anybody know any jokes about salt ? na 
doctor doctor everyone thinks i'm a liar i can't believe that ! 
why are reddit jokes so overused ? i don't know , ask dave . 
so this store " hole foods " just sells donuts and swiss cheese ? 
why don't pirates drive on mountain roads ? scurvy 
, , , , , chameleon get it ? hooray ! 
why is dr . frankenstein never lonely ? he's good at making friends . 
this ice cream is legen - wait for it - dairy . 
what's long green and goes hith ? a snake with a lisp ! 
how do you annoy a reddittor ? repost 
what medicine would you give an ill ant ? antibiotics ! 
why don't they just get jehovah's witnesses to deliver the mail ? 
yo mama so fat everytime she walks in high heels she strikes oil ! 
why does everyone scream when they see you ? because your ugly ! 
drunk people are the only honest ones left . 
i hated my job as an origami teacher . too much paperwork . 
what's a pet's favorite day ? ... saint petrick's day 
want proof advertising works ? i just bought a goodyear blimp . 
what if we had an internet and nobody came ? 
my siamese twin told me a hilarious joke earlier . i almost pissed himself 
my son was really scared after swallowing some lego . 
people say cannibals are disgusting human beings but this one tastes pretty good 
awww , look . my middle finger likes you ! 
what is a duck's favorite tv show ? the feather forecast ! 
r jokes wins friend of the planet award ! for 96 recycled content . 
i just lost my virginity ! ! ! ! april fools * sob * 
what is a menstruating woman's favorite genre of movies ? period films 
if you don't like the news , go out and make some . 
what's the hardest part about a fat nun's job ? getting into the habit 
what pier is disliked by almost everybody ? piers morgan . 
why don't dead people sneeze ? because they're too busy coffin . 
auditions are being held for you to be yourself . apply within . 
offer : free guitar no strings attached 
someone adopt my gpa because i can't raise it myself 
how did the burglary tournament work ? it was a round robbin 
i hate gender roles . they make me so angry and virile and strong 
how did hitler become a hero ? he killed hitler . 
if hillary wins i'm moving to benghazi at least she'll ignore me there ! 
r jokes has the most original content on reddit ! that's it . 
i was going to post a joke on reddot but then i git high 
humility is one of those things you can't really brag about having . 
word on the streets is ... . " loading only " 
me : i'm done peeing ! ! khakis : no you're not . 
today is national radio day . do you copy ? 10 - 4 
9 11 jokes arent funny and 2 11 are just plane stupid 
what's the craziest type of bread ? banana nut bread ! 
what language does robot marco run on ? rubio on rails 
using latin phrases to sound smart is my modus operandi . 
why engineers are boring 
fade away by peter out 
if you ever feel unimportant ... just remember windows 9 
if you think pi is 3142 , then you're missing the point . 
what do you call a starting indie dev ? no game no life 
neutrino knock knock joke neutrino knock knock 
researchers just found a cure for cancer . unfortunately , it's ebola . 
nothing ruins a friday more than an understanding that today is tuesday . 
why are karate people always breaking boards ? did boards kill their parents ? 
donuts : the sweatpants you can eat . 
que hace el pez cuando esta aburrido ? nada . 
what killed the aztec ? a broken heart . 
i tried dating a stenographer but she wasn't my type 
just saw a redhead break his arm . gingersnap 
joe's pizzeria and abortion clinic your loss , our sauce ! 
what happened when feminist's found out about reddit ? well they deleted 
what do they eat on the set of a chick flick ? romcomnoms 
remember when double entry was an accounting term ? 
i've already accomplished * so much today * been afraid of a goose 
matthew mcconaughey for president 2016 : make america alright alright alright again ! 
" i don't even own a slave " - colonial hipster 
why didn't hitler take a taxi ? he was more of an ubermensch . 
what language does a flight attendant speak ? plane english . 
go hard or stay average 
what cheese is used to block online streaming ? edam 
the secret to making a truly tasty vegan burger is to use beef . 
why is the archaeologist depressed ? some old stuff just got dug up 
have you heard about the invention of the white board it's remarkable . 
why did ellen pao fire an employee with cancer ? fixed * deleted 
i nevur make the same mistake twice . nevur . 
yo mama so clumsy she got tangled up in a cordless phone . 
what is doctor who's favorite snack ? pop - tardis 
who called it a vasectomy and not a cull de sack ? 
shout out to people wondering what the opposite of in is 
chubby kid dances watch this kid dance to a coo song lol sooo funny 
what car does luke skywalker drive ? a toy - " yoda " 
donal trump supporters have become exactly what they hate : a minority 
" men are pigs " - misandrist or world's worst biologist 
how is education going to make me smarter ? 
i'm here to make a monthly joke april fools . 
why didn't anyone like the bread store owner ? he was pretty loafsome 
who made lewis and clark's footwear ? sock - a - gawea . 
chuck norris can hit mach 3 in his hot - air balloon . 
everyone keeps saying i'm paranoid ... this must be some sort of conspiracy ... 
what do grammar nazis support ? the third write 
but man says to the doctor : wojak i am the pepe 
i need irish jokes , pronto ! just cause 
knock knock can i get about 3 . 50 ? 
bought a new boomerang today having trouble throwing my old one away 
the swedish word gratrunka means crying while masturbating . it's a real tear jerker 
how do you say goodbye to a calculus teacher ? calculator ! 
describing sketch artist to criminal he was pretty good at drawing pictures . 
fat goths are morbidly obese . 
where do people in detroit get their groceries ? they don't . 
pizza will never hurt your feelings . 
i often misuse common phrases people are always pulling me off for it . 
how does a t - rex like its meat ? rrrraaaaawwwwwww 
i got drunk last night and my house wasn't where i left it . 
is light a wave or a particle ? yes 
two drummers walk into a bar ... ba dum tssh . 
what is dementia ? i forget 
why did the vegetable band break up ? they couldn't keep a beet . 
i just let my mind wander , and it didn't come back . 
parachute jumping by hugo furst 
reddit is to socialising ... what a gloryhole is to love . 
can confirm . it's raining in south carolina . 
what was hitler's amplifier called ? mein ampf 
only chuck norris can prevent forest fires . 
what's the name of the elite hacking group from canada ? anonymoose 
why are trains so energetic ? they have conductors . 
putin me on that list . 
what salad dressing does macaulay culkin prefer ? neverland ranch . 
when do terrorists go to bed ? 9 : 11pm 
so apparently garry glitter has gone down , on little girls hahehhehee heat plz 
super funny nsa joke ! ! ! deleted 
i wear a diaper for two reasons ... number one and number two . 
chuck norris is the reason for jal flight 123 
why are vampire families so close ? because blood is thicker than water . 
i read that 10 out of 2 people suffer from dyslexia 
who is the president of the united states of america donald trump 
avin a shat on the big loo wif all me mates 
at starbucks i order under the name godot . then leave . 
i'm not john madden , just john disappointeden . 
where does wonder woman buy all her stuff ? amazon . 
why are terrorists eco - friendly ? they're biodegradable . 
do i have a joke about periodic table of elements ? na 
a girl favs my tweet goes to pharmacy one condom please 
chicken pot pie sounds like a delicious 3 course meal . 
what do hip pigs call their ladies ? fine swine . 
an elderly man was quite unhappy 
all work and no play makes jack an unsuccessful stage performer . 
your mama's so stupid she killed herself for life insurance 
where does a russian bird sleep ? in a commu - nest 
you know whats sad ? a depressed onion cutting itself . 
what did jesus say to the flock of sheep ? i herd that . 
how does luke skywalker get through the forest ? ewoks 
what does a chameleon that can't change color suffer from ? reptile disfunction 
i'll bet petr pan lives in nether netherland . 
what's the motto of the singaporean police ? big brudder is watching you 
what is the opposite of r upliftingnews ? r news 
bun b doesn't like star wars because he is the real trill o g 
mary had a little lamb . the doctor fainted . 
you are all invited to my murder shed , i mean my shed 
eating noodles while studying for a test ? that's so ramen . 
who is your favorite x - man ? mine is bruce jenner 
2 men walk into a bar one says ouch ! 
when is the month when the most trees fall ? sep - timber 
condoms ... are for pussies . 
bible thumpers ... are all the psalm . 
i have a life outside of internet , it involves charging my phone . 
is there any indian left ? no , there's naan left . 
what do you call bono's stupid brother ? duno ... 
you don't have a twitter account . twitter has a you account . 
what did the demonic junkie get charged with ? two counts of possession 
frodo and sam are going to start a band ... called imagine baggins 
i'm not a racist . i can't even run . 
which web developer enjoys finding bugs ? a spider ! 
i'm eating this banana sideways so my husband doesn't get the wrong idea . 
i'm a giver . * gives you a hard time * 
did something bad happen to you or are you just naturally ugly . 
what is link's favorite hotel ? hyaaaaatt ! 
i turn 39 years old today . but they're canadian years . 
my favorite exercise after a heavy meal is regret . 
i walked into a disabled toilet it was autistic 
what was jesus favorite games ? hangman and lacrosse 
how come there aren't more babies named pizza 
i wish i could crowd surf to work . 
what do ducks do at christmas time ? they duckerate cookies . 
oh my god becky look at her roast beef sandwich 
* gets back at the birds by pooping on their bird houses * 
johnny depp would have made an excellent catwoman . 
what do i call my pasta friend ? ma caroni ! my crony 
the longest relationship i had was 10 days . then she deflated . 
i tried to post a joke about foreskin earlier ... but it got removed 
i got a new clock at ied . com 
so you're all obama fans now ? name 3 of his albums . 
stars ! they're just like us ! gaseous and dying 
why doesn't gabe newell play basketball ? because he can't make 3's 
nice try traffic , but i'm not murdering anyone today . 
my altima's name is liam nissan 
the pope has the bird flu . he got it from his cardinals . 
why are spiders like tops ? they are always spinning ! 
children are demo versions of humans . 
myspace just bought a pack of ramen noodles . 
" do drugs ! ! " - reverse psychology drug prevention program 
but you wouldn't understand it i'd tell you a reverse joke 
trump is like the room . it's so bad , it's so good . 
a hard worker got a promotion . thats the joke . 
its 2013 and mcdonalds still doesnt serve breakfast all day 
oxygen and magnesium are going out omg ! ! 
what does an lgbt rabbi call a blessing ? a brucea 
what do planets do to follow each other on spacetube ? sunscribe . 
what trees do skeletons like ? s * pine * trees ! 
you ever seen a polish trailer ? and . . here we are . 
the difference between an alcoholic and a drunk is staggering . 
lpt : to clean all your clothes on laundry day do laundry naked 
i'm so single , the variables i declare are double . 
what type of bonds deals with the bad guys ? james 
your parents brought you up ! don't bring them down . 
rapper why did the rapper carry an umbrella ? fo drizzle . : 
think of a thing . theres an e cig flavor for that . 
what type music should you practice before doing something dangerous ? safety measures . 
what's the american settler's spirit animal ? the groundhog . 
jim henson's first job was operating the godfather logo . 
what's scary about a white man in prison ? you know he did it 
i just saw 125 spf sunblock . maybe going outside isn't for everyone . 
why is it so cold at christmas ? it's in decembrrrrr . 
a seal walks in to a club ... haha 
dogs were the first social justice warriors they hate mailmen . 
when is your door annoying ? when it'sa jar - jar . 
q : how old is tyrion lannister ? a : peter dinkl - age 
what's concurrency ? fake money they use in prisons . 
* makes 58008 on an abacus and turns it upside down * dammit 
did you hear about the oompah loompah marathon ? contestants are running short . 
what does a radical sheep say ? allahu ak - baa ! 
how does a duck pay for lipstick ? she puts it on her bill 
oedipus apartment complex attractive like your mom 
i look like danny devito's sloppy seconds . 
best place to hide something nobody will see ? page two of google 
if you keep laughing then you'll always have the last laugh . 
what's master p's favorite fruit ? uhh banananaaaaaa 
not quite feeling myself today . i'm going to see if booze helps ... 
are you an elixir ? because you made my pp go up . 
what language do bees speak ? the beesnese 
just heard the phrase naturally boneless chicken and that'll keep me awake tonight . 
water polo was invented after a particularly heated game of ice hockey 
the people of pompeii ... mannequin challenge champions since 79ad 
people who joke about cancer ... have no sense of tumor 
* licks ice cream cone cone : i have a boyfriend . 
when does sean connery enjoy playing his favorite sport ? ten - ish . 
how to tie a noose by sue e . side 
what noise does a russian sheep make ? it blyats . 
maybe cologne should come with a two sprays a day lock on it . 
what is the motto for the epilepsy research society ? sieze the day 
warring nations should hurl their politicians at each other . 
negative pregnancy tests , because everyone loves good news on a stick 
how much free space does europe have ? 1 gb . 
* walk up to woman breastfeeding baby * is this guy bothering you ? 
what's a killer whale's favorite pasta ? penguini 
unless you are a pregnancy test , take your negativity somewhere else . 
drunk me would really appreciate a light switch on the floor . 
why do girls wear makeup and perfume ? because they're ugly and they stink 
apparently there is a way to permanently remove memories but i forgot it . 
" lol , nope " - me , 25 seconds into the marathon 
people who eat endangered birds ... will die lonely and full of egret . 
where are chocolate coins made ? at the chocolate mint . 
quentin tarantino johnny depp rango django 
i couldn't think of a good joke then i looked in the mirror 
my memory is warped and skips often you could call it phonographic 
that worked out so much differently in my head . - an autobiography 
my friend might be hung tomorrow ... the suspense is killing him . 
what is cthulhu's favorite cookbook ? the necronomnomnom ! 
all you need is love and a super low iq to believe that . 
there are three ways to spread news telegram , television and tellawoman . 
this world cup game is crazy brazil did nazi this coming . 
where does dragon milk come from ? a cow with short legs . 
this is why i drink . - me , doing anything sober . 
what's an emo's favourite laptop ? a " razer blade " 
this viagra show looks cool but they keep cutting away to football 
your head is sooooo bald i mistook you for a green rabbit . 
what's a computer's favourite snack ? fried cache - ews . 
what's hitlers favorite video game ? space invaders 
current fitness level : arm is tired from brushing teeth . 
a redditer clicks on a link . . realizes they are the joke . 
how does a mathematician hang them selves ? with a hypotenuse . 
whoever said obama never created any jobs ... obviously has never heard of isis 
a comma is just a period with a mullet . 
why does everyone find the absolute value of zero so funny ? l0l 
don't try to sell a membership to the president of the fan club . 
what are oj simpsons favorite keys on a keyboard ? esc 
chuck norris prostate has eaten dozens of doctor's middle fingers . 
what fabric softener do special ed kids use ? downy 
i hate people ! ! but i love women 
" update adobe or we'll kill you " - flash mob 
just ate some lipgloss so i can enhance my inner beauty 
what's pamela andersons favorite soda ? hepsi ! 
bond . bail bond . 
always wanted to call people who don't like astronomy " galactos intolerant " 
time flies when you throw clocks . 
so then someone told me islam is the religion of peace . 
siri , am i an alcoholic ? , i whisper into my burrito . 
only 90's kids will remember this ! * plays outside * 
why was the paleontologist angry ? because he had a bone to pick . 
why do republicans use rulers ? they want everything to be straight . 
why can't white girls finish their sentences ? because they can't even 
your mama's so fat ... she broke the branch off the family tree 
does the circle of life ... become a sphere in 3d ? 
" talk to the hand ! " - deaf people 
2016 is like ... a 30 second ad on youtube that you can't skip 
people should look like their personalities . 
what type of carpet do you put in an igloo ? burr - burr 
how much does automail cost ? an arm and a leg . 
what do ghosts serve for dessert ? i scream . 
where do you eat toaster waffles on the beach ? san diego ! ! 
steven tyler jokes just a normal guy looking for some steven tyler jokes . 
where does a sad chemist find employment ? at an apathycary ! 
everyone : why don't you have kids ? * points to dead cactus * 
what's a gambler's favorite time of day ? 10 to 1 . 
why isn't phonetic spelled the way it sounds ? 
the nsa killed my internet now i have to build a gnu one . 
what did the cannibal order at the bakery ? cinnamon buns . 
office morale has increased noticeably since we put a tarp over dave's body 
eating a rock is actually good for you . it's full of minerals ! 
fact : the internet was invented to globalize complaining . 
worst joke : joker said i'm not a joker 
who's paying for trump's wall ? everyjuan 
what happens when captain america drinks water ? he becomes hydrated . 
don't forget about bald guys living vicariously through their beards . 
who killed cap'n crunch ? a serial killer . 
guaranteed weight loss ! stop eating ! 
if one synchronized swimmer drowns , do they all have to drown ? 
what makes a good joke timing . ... 
one small step for man one giant step for a really small man 
america's new motto if it's worth eating it's worth over eating . 
ml m 3 gallons quart barrel this post speaks volumes . 
yo momma so fat she jumped in the air and got stuck . 
which is the most silky planet ? satin ! 
i knew someone who was frozen to absolute zero once ... he was 0k 
what did watson and crick study to find dna ? rosalind franklin's notes . 
feminists hate me . probabily because i am wearing my wife beater . 
what animal is best at playing hide and seek ? the airplane . 
* stares at bottel of sleepin pills * when wil they wake up 
i hear bernie has his own personal knives and forks ... they're called cucklery 
" let's just kill all the characters " - game of thrones 
is kevin james the only flintstones character who has actually come to life ? 
why keyboards ... why keyboards don't sleep ? because they have two shifts ! 
what do you give to a man that had everything ? antibiotics 
any girl can give you pics i can give you a headache 
when i was young our phones didn't have internet , they had snake ! 
i'm so lazy , i'll only walk my fingers through your hair . 
how do beekeepers keep their bees so chill ? they smoke them out . 
why does the moon have no hair ? because it's waxing 
which cheeseburger makes a big hit in baseball ? a double ! 
very offensive man on the loose with flint and steel sparks outrage 
if i was steve jobs i would engrave on my tombstone : idied . 
why go to college ? there's google . 
what is jabba the hut's middle name ? the 
sometimes instagram almost makes me wish i went outside . 
i can already hear the birds judging me for sleeping till noon tomorrow . 
i'm not laughing at you , i'm laughing with other people at you . 
let's find out what pisses the crickets off and do that during the day 
why do accountants make the best serial killers ? because they're calculating . 
how do you date a ghost ? you woooo him ! 
how do icelandic dogs bark ? bjork bjork 
i'm a practicing catholic but i'm not ready to go pro just yet . 
i have just endorsed andy murray on linkedin for tennis . 
if jesus had 4 arms he could have escaped 
where does stevie wonder park his car ? in blind spots . 
nickelback jokes are the nickelback of jokes . 
* skips away in terror 
what is jamaica's favorite male bird ? the mongoose . 
my parents say i am a cancer ... i was born in march ... 
i couldn't be a step - father . i don't drink enough . 
why can't you differentiate liberal arts majors ? they have no function . 
a group of lingerie models were protesting they were met with stiff resistance 
dating is easy . you just * goes into fetal position * 
croissants are just biscuits that studied abroad . 
video john oliver agrees with you for 22 minutes 
how do boats apologise ? s * * oar * * ry ! 
it's weird how many people at my office are named " hey . " 
what do they call divorce in india ? re - arranged marriage 
american horror story : public restroom 
bob marley in saudi arabia i shot the sharif 
what does the neckbeard mosquito say to the female mosquito ? m'la ria 
why was hellen keller's leg yellow ? her dog was blind too 
i'm smart but not " know when to stop eating " smart . 
the welsh are a very shy people they're really quite sheepish ... 
chatting of computers what did one computer say to the other ? 010101101010101010101 
just bought a new disposable razor . or a spaceship . 
what's the best cure to a bad hangover ? a good personality 
they say women only use 10 of their anger 
i'm not feeling myself today ... would you do it for me ? 
i'm famous people used to have talent years old . 
darth vader : what is the temperature of my son's lightsaber ? lukewarm . 
what's fatter than your mom ? your mom after her next meal . 
i can make you speak irish say " whale oil beef hooked " quickly 
why did the duck go to jail ? for smoking quack ! 
definition of laziness : 
what if stephen hawking is the real slim shady but he can't stand up 
i can control what you do next in life . made you click . 
what is a ferret funeral ? serious business 
a cat walked in to a cobblers . . . . shoe ! 
i have nothing positive to report . except that roadside drug test . 
my dad died of the big c ... he drowned . 
why do trees have so many friends ? they branch out 
your posts make me wish i couldn't read . 
whoever named anteaters , solid effort right there 
jesus saves ... ... everyone else takes full damage . 
if god is a woman , then why aren't we sandwiches ? 
entropy ... . enjoy it while it lasts ! 
9 11 was an inside job " but the planes were outside ! " 
why did vladimir fall off his bike ? he was rushin 
i went to the paralympics came away with atrophy wife 
hate being fat . love eating food . 
jogging but instead lying in bed with your eyes shut . 
i find puns about bones to be ... quite humerus ! 
www . reddit . com see above . 
a mortician died in a small town he showed up to work late 
how does a blond like her eggs in the morning ? " fertilized " 
what makes an elderly millionaire bachelor more attractive ? terminal illness . 
nobody cares about nihilism . the punchline . 
* gains winter weight for " insulation " * is now fat and cold 
i had to buy a voodoo doll of myself and rub its back . 
why are asymptomatic cardiology patients so trustworthy ? because they can't tell afib 
why didn't the melon get married ? because it can't elope . 
what is the only deaf animal ? def leppard 
why do rabbits go to the beauty parlor ? for hare care . 
what are twins favorite fruits ? pears 
what is a oreo ? 2 gang members smashing a white boys face . 
new horror film inspired by facebook i liked what you did last summer . 
there was a problem with my ac device it's all cool now though 
success is having no idea where the nearest coinstar machine is . 
how did the sad mathematician kill himself ? with a hypotenuse 
are you 9 11 , gurl ? cuz i would never forget you . 
what's musical and holds gallons and gallons of beer ? a barrel organ . 
he's a few clowns short of a circus . 
miss piggy can be a such a hamful to deal with 
i love garbage day ... once a week my street celebrates me 
whitney houston's last hit was ... off a crack pipe . 
when is 100 less than 99 ? on a microwave . 
tomato basil soup is a fancy way of making people drink pizza sauce . 
new york yankees sign adrian peterson they were looking for a good switch hitter 
i put the ____ in a much larger segment of _____________________ . 
sharks would be a lot less scary if they had ears . 
i bet jesus would have instagrammed a lot of pics of wine . 
the nietzsche family circus random generator 
what do you call a former lacrosse player ? ex lax . 
it's hard work being a commuter . you have to train a lot . 
people are like snowflakes . if you piss on them they go away . 
yo mommas so old ... she sees dr . grant . 
my father died in a conga line and so shall i 
but how do i know if a guy hates me for me 
the only relative i want to see at my door is papa john . 
they said when pigs fly . . but the swine already flu 
the only time you have too much fuel is when you are on fire 
whoever named the white house and the pentagon also probably named oranges . 
i just ate raw chicken fingers and then i threw up gang signs . 
what kind of dog can turn on your car ? yorkies 
why ed has no girlfriend ? cz sheeran 
so microsoft bought skype for millions of dollars idiots didn't know skype's free . 
what was the scary guy on tinder doing ? intimidating others . 
what do you call a list of german jokes printing paper 
fantastic four 2015 currently has a rating of 4 . 0 on imdb 
what did mozart tell the terminator i'll be bach 
making popcorn for these facebook movies . 
on the demolition teams last job ... they did a bang up job 
isis vs north korea . who would win ? everyone 
yesterday , someone tickled my bone ... ... it wasnt humerus 
my dog died ... it's hair pink 
a man is running after a woman , just until she catches him . 
first sign of your mother not loving you ? abortion . 
windows - the only operating system that is compatible with all viruses . 
she left me alone in the house with cupcakes cooling . rookie mistake . 
what do godot and my wife have in common ? both are french . 
white boards are ... remarkable . 
your eyes are as blue as my toilet water at home . 
just got confessed to today ... congratulation just ! 
why did no one trust the dermatologist ? he kept making rash decisions . 
nothing saves money like being antisocial 
what's long and stylish and full of cats ? the easter purrade ! 
oh heres a good joke my life 
my ex is fat ! ! ! yay ... i win ! ! ! 
sigh . woodstock 99 was a terrible use of this time machine . 
why was the steel angry ? because it lost it's temper . 
if you can't say something nice you might have a lisp ... ... 
* sends back food because instagram down * 
what name is given to the most chickens ? peggy 
dr heimlich died today i'm all choked up 
i can't be the only one worried about where spiders go in winter . 
pants are for people with something to hide . 
dog for sale eats everything . loves kids . 
ran into the apple store and used their bathroom ... . ipeed 
what do you call a 7 foot tall ellen pao ? pao ming . 
where does the army keep fish ? in a tank . 
how do we know that slaves went to college ? they all had masters 
republicans say " merry christmas ! " democrats say " happy holidays ! " 
how'd you sleep last night ? like god during the holocaust . 
i got the job as a psychic ! i don't know how . 
what's sad about lunch in ethiopia ? there is no lunch . 
for sale , homeless man . still in box 
deez nutz gotem ! 
facebook : hate people you've met . twitter : love people you haven't . 
in a mosh pit why is everyone so upset 
2016 denial 2017 anger 2018 bargaining 2019 depression 2020 acceptance 
how did one gold atom greet the other gold atom ? ey you . 
how do metal guitarists handle their expensive instruments ? very djently . 
how did one brain apologise to the other ? i'm cerebro 
what did the unimpressed wind turbine say ? i'm not a fan . 
ricky martin : livin la vida homo . 
everyone please stop doing crimes because sirens are too noisy . 
i've found a place with 90 recycling rate r jokes 
what does seven days without exercise make ? one weak ! 
what's it like to have a social life ? asking for a friend . 
if ur mom kisses the dog he becomes ur dad 
if you didn't get caught did you really do it ? 
you're not sure outrun and make sure . 
a bunch of greeks queued up in a line ... 
what happens when a magician gets mad ? he rips out his hare ! 
what childhood game are orphans not aloud to play ? house . 
what do you call a dance party in colorado ? shake n bake . 
what color are mirrors ? i don't know , let's reflect on this . 
the worst puns are hot dog puns . 
what are your hobbies ? mmm ... sam , bilbo and frodo . 
the exorcist was probably the worst workout video ever . 
i was researching facts about euthanasia ... they're extremely malnourished 
dominos pizza delivery cars should be allowed to use sirens . 
in russia , you don't vote for putin ... putin votes for you . 
what did donald trump do in musical theatre ? jazz - hands 
which horse runs the city ? the mare , of course 
what do you call santa without toys ? a lost clause 
what does an elderly composer use as a walking aide ? a zimmer frame 
what makes you special ? my extra chromosome . 
every poop begins with p read with the kay jingle in mind . 
* interrogating a baby * " any first words ? " 
tifu by getting arrested for taking a clock to school 
what lives in the sea and preys on mermaids ? jack the kipper . 
nazi jokes ... just aren't reich . 
" the toilet is overflowing . " - sir isaac newton 
don't you sometimes wish that you could just click like on someone's like ? 
you shouldn't eat xmas decorations you will get tinselitis 
how do you know the blind exist ... if they've never been sighted ? 
i've grown bored of reality , so i started watching cable news . 
the eu have finally come up with a new currency it's greece proof . 
" do you have this in beige ? " - old people 
nothing screams dui like wearing a really nice suit on a city bus . 
knock knock who's there ? interrupting cow . interupti - - - moo ! 
it's true what they say : shut up . 
on a speed date usually i prefer cocaine but wow 
birth control ? don't kid yourself . 
you people don't appreciate me enough . i'm moving my tweets to tbs . 
how do you make a fruit cordial ? be nice to him . 
you can't spell feminism without men . women are notoriously bad spellers . 
where was the first chicken fried ? in greece . 
which place has the strongest gravity in the whole universe ? bed 
how does a psychic open a bag of chips ? they tarot . 
why do women love jordan spieth ? because he came second . 
paul walkers new movie . . the flat and the furious . 
how do german people not choke to death when they talk 
how much space is left in eu ? 1 gb 
why is six afraid of seven ? porque siete ocho nueve ! 
where do ghosts mail their letters ? at the ghost office . 
why can't two - face kill batman ? because he's two dents . 
you should never trust a scottish tailor . it'll get you kilt . 
if someone tweets in the bathroom they are live streaming . 
no grandma , an ipad is not a new brand of maxi pads 
i hate drama ! - dramatic people 
donuts aren't actually nuts ... ... they're legumes . 
what does having kids bring you that money simply can't buy ? poverty 
when i get naked my shower gets turned on . 
if you play stairway to heaven backwards does it become highway to hell ? 
phones are getting smarter and thinner . people , not so much . 
i went to this great german bar they called it the wunderbar 
vaccine to cooties 4chan 
what do you call a latino whos car got nicked ? carlos - t 
what did adele's chicken say ? hello from the other side ... 
i need to borrow some cheese can i get a provolone ? 
a magician's 3rd trick is usually a hat - trick . 
tl dr - , 
what kind of snake is good at building things ? a boa constructor . 
friday . my second favorite f word . 
put this tweet on the news 
what video game console can you not be upset while playing ? the nomad 
why don't ghosts play sports ? boo ! 
my goal weight is to stop hearing you have a great personality 
" i'm not a big horse person " - a lying centaur 
where does dracula buy his writing supplies ? pencilvania . 
another tasteless joke about alzheimer's ? forget it . 
if a deaf person goes to court , is it still a hearing ? 
how to make a grown man cry . take him shopping with you . 
you're about as unique as a bob marley poster . 
my car's gps has learned to say " your other left . " 
oh trust me , i am very racist i ran plenty of marathons 
an octopus seeing a snake for the first time omg a foot ! 
i scream , you scream , we all scream for gelato . 
who is ric flair's favorite director ? john woooooooooooooo ! 
what do donald trump and mondays have in common nobody likes them . 
a word is worth 1 1000th of a picture . 
i hate jamaicans in bed because they jam you till your aican 
why do blonds love door knobs because every body gets a turn 
it's expensive to attend amputation university ... tuition's an arm and a leg ! 
" your gpa last semester was a 4 . 0 " - steve harvey 
i hear kleptomaniacs make the best detectives they pick up everything . 
why is depressed clothing so convenient ? it hangs itself 
it's spooky how many kids look like their owners . 
top ten snappy comebacks for nosy people this is great ! 
paramedics when one medic just isn't enough 
if your mouse doesn't work , what is it ? unemployed . 
the only thing worse than a cold toilet seat is a warm one 
are trees really necessary ? they seem kind of arbor - trary . 
the most adventurous i get is visiting amazon on my safari . 
i made you a cake . i also ate it for you . 
ever hear that one about a jackhammer ? it's groundbreaking . 
why hasn't anyone invented alcohol that acts as birth control too ? 
kids : your homework is being graded by someone who's buzzed . 
we don't lose friends , we just learn who our real ones are . 
what lives in apples and is an avid reader ? a bookworm ! 
behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes . 
why isn't my hand 12 inches ? because then it would be a foot 
what's a riot ? three dyslexics . 
what weighs 12lbs and won't be getting plucked this christmas scott weilands guitar 
what did the triceratops sit on ? its tricerabottom . 
big news ! obama read my tweets and appointed me secretary of swagriculture 
i don't like piggy banks . . i'm afraid of change ! 
why did hitler's ss soldiers love animals ? they were all veteran aryans 
the greatest party by maud d . merrier 
my sister is the clumsiest girl i know ... she's always miscarrying . 
cats are about as useful as a football bat . 
why do men run faster than women rolling friction is lesser than sliding friction 
i honked at the funeral procession out of support 
what job did the farmer give to his learning - disabled child ? herder 
" i just can't help myself ! " paramedic on his deathbed 
the easter bunny doesn't always drink , but when he does it's hopscotch . 
why didn't batman go to church ? because of christian bail 
what is the photographer's favorite car ? ford focus 
smart white boy optional text 
is your lizard not working ? you may have a reptile dysfunction . 
there is nothing funny about menstruation jokes ... period . 
magneto spent his high school years dating girls with braces . 
why did the melon have commitment issues ? because he cantaloupe 
a wizard cursed my land yesterday . now that's an evil plot ! 
if i ever lose my phone i want liam neeson looking for it 
why isn't hungary's capital city called " very " 
if a turtle doesn't have a shell , is he homeless or naked ? 
when i'm drunk , i'm like south park i'm crude and offends everyone 
why do strippers hate roofers ? they always pay in shingles . 
my czech mate is surprisingly bad at chess . 
grow your own vegetables by rosa carrotts 
a math joke i'll tell you in a 1 cos 
what's dark , empty and going no where fast ? your love life . 
do you have a turn down ? turn down for what ? 
what is drake's favorite type of alcohol ? cripple sec 
what's the best part about being a meth addict ? 3 sleeps til christmas 
sorry i yelled , " hail satan " at your baby's baptism . 
why can't animals take tests ? too many cheetahs ! ! ! ! 
a man and his wife were once in a very healthy marriage . 
when is paint free ? when it's on the house . 
interrupts history professor that happened on my birthday 
why don't the police protest against blm ? because they have jobs . 
what does a buddhist order from a hotdogs vendor ? one with everything 
a pig pen elected its own leader . . . polled pork . 
made reservations . for the grinandbearit . 
what is a doctor's most important quality ? patience ! 
chemistry joke i hate telling noble gas jokes there's never a reaction . 
why are fat people so rich ? because they have lots of pounds . 
tlc touching little children 
where do the baltimore ravens sit ? on the wire . 
every kfc meal comes with a large side of regret . 
my goal in life is to be as chill as forrest whitaker's left eye 
what does a ghost wear when it's raining ? boooooooooooooots 
when does a horse talk on the phone ? whinny wants to ! 
how did samwell tarly survive against white walkers ? survival of the fattest 
who invented fractions ? henry the 1 8 
i successfully said " worcestershire sauce " today ! 
what's a pilots favourite artist ? david boeing . 
do you know what smuck is ? it's what smurf's do after smoreplay 
my credit card is like a stripper . there isn't much on it . 
there's no wrong answer until you answer differently than me . 
what do you call a pessimistic cupcake ? a little debbie downer . 
i still struggle daily with how ed hardy happened 
i need jesus in my life this lawn aint gonna cut itself 
i don't trust chairs . they just don't sit right with me . 
how did david copperfield get hiv ? from doing magic . 
these ebola jokes are terrible ! they're making my eyes bleed 
yolouyab you only live once unless you're a buddist 
can you repeat the part after " listen very carefully " ? 
trump's plan for global warming : nuclear winter . 
clowns divorce . custardy battle . 
have you ever thought about dying instantly ? couldn't hurt . 
yogi berra he lived his whole life . 
how does a cricket know if his joke has bombed ? 
scottage cheese 
i received some food stamps the other day they tasted terrible . 
what did the poor ghetto dweller get for christmas ? your bicycle . 
hey does anyone know how to spell antidisestablishmentarianism ? 
saudi arabia 900 women thinking they can run for office and win . ha 
die hard viii : die even more harder : mostest harderest . 
why did the pacifist stay away from cows ? to avoid unnecessary beef . 
carrying sleeping cat out of burning house seriously , what purpose do you serve 
what's the difference between obama and osama ? o b - s ma 2 
i need help for some puns about toes ! please and thank you 
12 year old girls are an untapped market . 
jokes about the usa ? let's see them ! 
did someone died ? no , but it's still early . 
have you tried just photoshopping her into your life ? 
i'm great in bed i can sleep alllll night 
they finally created a generic viagra . micoxaphlopin is the next big thing . 
the ugly hag by ida face 
what do you call an honest man in the oval office ? lost 
i envy how comfortable waldo always seems in large crowds . 
do infants enjoy infantry ... as much as adults enjoy adultery ? 
what kind of cake does a baseball player prefer ? a bundt cake ! 
why was the web server down ? mary jane dumped him . 
i have the best blanket in the world it's the sheet . 
what are goosebumps used for ? to keep geese from speeding ! 
blind people of reddit . see what i did there ? 
i told my african friends a joke about rain they didn't get it 
haters gonna hate ... masters gonna bate . 
the people who make lyric videos on youtube are the backbone of this nation 
personal trainer : no pain , no gain me : deal 
a new musical artist ... another blond this time . miranda lambert 
vodka ... deleting memories since ... uhh ... 
what kind of jokes does a priest tell ? dad jokes 
little boy blue . he needed the money . credit : andrew dice clay 
i chew gum when i get sad it helps chew me up 
what does a man with no honey do ? he cantaloupe . 
a one - word joke that'll make any australian laugh politics . 
did you hear macklemore changed his name ? he's mackle - less now 
arcade fire : great band nerd way to die 
what do you get when the pillsburry doughboy bends over dough nuts 
elliptical machines are the caesar salad of exercise . 
a smart car zoomed past me and vanished into a pothole 
where did the fish go when it needed an operation ? to the sturgeon 
" you've changed . " " i know , i'm a transformer . " 
how do senior citizens handle indoor skydiving ? depends 
don't kiss today you're going to fast , it's only the first date 
wine improves with age . i improve with wine . 
bae keeps on slippin , slippin , slippin into da futuuurrrree 
why does nasa throw the best parties ... . they make sure to planet 
what's the programmer's favorite drug ? a line of code . 
what's comforting and scary at the same time ? a warm toilet seat . 
apparently my psychiatrist doesn't appreciate that i call her my new drug dealer 
smith wesson : the original point and click interface . 
some people live life in the fast lane . you're in oncoming traffic . 
25 - 35 year olds 
hear about cannibal ... ... who was ate before he was seven ? 
how come wrong numbers are never busy ? 
what did the newly paroled french prisoner name his restaurant ? attempted crepe 
ironically , i only know of one person with the name common . 
why are fathers like parking spaces ? the good ones are already taken ! 
i think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin me . 
why don't tennis players get married ? because to them love means nothing . 
how is snow white ? - pretty good according to the 7 dwarfs 
looking forward to monday ? you're married 
what does arnold schwarzenegger call a colonoscopy ? a cameron diaz 
toast is just bread that likes to party . 
when you drop the toilet paper and the roll world unravels before your eyes 
what are eukaryotes least favorite subject in school ? algaebra ... 
what does a gang say on december 25th ? merry crips - mas 
do you know what matter to me ? my nihilism 
why do frogs have webbed feet ? to stamp out forest fires ! 
i would go to any lengths to find a good measuring tape . 
a local policeman did a talk on heroin it was impossible to understand him 
why was 1 all salty ? someone told him it was 2's day . 
everyone at the office is going crazy because i faxed someone a hot dog 
why don't little girls stay out late ? because jared likes to eat fresh 
did you hear apple just invented gifs ? they called it live photos 
dogs are perfect napkins because they just think you're petting them . 
" what doesn't kill you makes you smaller . " mario 
what do you call the game that centres around weak leadership ? reddit . 
why do women wear striped bras ? because it's a zebra . 
somebody broke into my house and stole the alarm system . 
i don't chase guys unless i have my inhaler with me . 
what is the witches motto ? we came we saw we conjured ! 
the little mermaid was a hoarder . 
what is rhiannas favorite type of cheese ? mozzarella - ella - ella 
where does optimus prime go for cosmetic repairs ? to the autobotty shop ! 
what idiot named them jet skis instead of boatercycles 
what do you call a voucher for complimentary chipotle ? free coli 
fat women are like hydrogen single and abundant 
women don't make good meteorologists because they're never wrong 
what kind of car does depressed daniel drive ? sad dan 
guys are always just kidding unless you say yes 
why are penguins so shy ? they always get cold feet . 
why don't the jedi drink vodka ? because only the sith deal in absolut 
mike tyson wrecked a ship once ... who wouldda thunk it ? 
he who laughs first , must be using 3g internet . 
as the nascar driver went around the track it just didn't feel right . 
your money or your life by stan den deliver 
absolutely is my favourite nothing to do ... 
in soviet russia ... . . road crosses chicken 
the only clowns i'm afraid of ... are the ones running for president 
how can you make a small fortune ? start with a big one 
weird computer error uk . eu has unexpectedly stopped working 
new laws do not let your friends derive drunk . 
donating blood me feeling lightheaded : i'm gonna need that back 
pandora thinking i want to hear a coldplay song should count as cyberbullying 
close the door , you're letting all the wifi out 
my superhero name is typoman . i am the writer of wrongs . 
i've been digging through piles of fossils all day . no homo . 
enough is enough ! no like seriously they're the same word . 
lactose joke _ soy milk is actually just milk that speaks only spanish . 
* runs into coworker at store * * pretends i don't speak english * 
famous russian snooker player inov the red 
how do attractive men pay for things ? they handsome money to the cashier 
how did the scientist like his guacamole ? with lots of avogadro ! 
what do dolphins use to stay clean ? all - porpoise cleaner . 
i'm going to shave my beard . her legs will look faaaabulouuuuus ! 
did you hear about that one statistician ? probably . 
what do you call a german with no good inside ? guten free . 
what did thin lizzie do with his iphone ? jailbreak 
why did the heart get sent to police station ? cardiac arrest . 
what do communists and feminists have in common ... they cannot change anything . 
if humans have politics , then what do bees have ? pollentics 
i've just brought a donut shaped pancake ... . holy crepe . 
order of the phoenix is my favourite harry potter book dead serious . 
the guy who invented paper died last week that's tearable ! 
what's another name for someone who makes prosthetics ? a body builder 
i have a joke for you that has no punchline . 
what do tigers wear in bed ? stripey pyjamas ! 
how do you organize wet books ? with the mildewy decimal system ! 
the best joke today ... . lol your username 
why did the fisherman keep taking off ? because he was fly fishing . 
your forehead is so big you donated it to charity for shelter ! 
if a cow laughs , does milk come out his nose ? 
if britney spears can get through 2007 you can get through school ... 
best joke i've heard in a while feminism 
i've got two tickets to paradise and a they're both obstructed view . 
what flies through the jungle singing opera ? the parrots of penzance ! 
i went fishing but didn't catch any fish it was a failure . 
say the best joke you have ever heard or made up . 
the thing about good music is . . ... its technically sound . 
q : what is 74 to a blonde ? a : 69 plus vat 
what do spiders eat in france ? french flys 
two aquatic mammals just broke up . they wanted to sea otter people . 
chimney sweep lady chimneysweep is a real fluesie 
men simply like to adjust their junk , it's not pocket science . 
why do soviets use lowercase letters ? because they don't understand capitalism 
how do you make the spying nsa frustrated ? 
i bet the mayans made great boyfriends because they're always wrong about everything . 
what is the farmers favorite way to greet someone ? " hay ! " 
i lost my favorite ash tray . child protective services took him . 
why are birds always short on cash ? because they have bills . 
agnostics have commitment issues . 
chuck norris doesnt wear a watch , he decides what time it is . 
why did the banjo player get into heaven ? the devil has standards . 
a freudian slip is when you say one thing but mean a mother 
why are led's a good investment ? because they always diode . 
two helium atoms are bonding . hehe 
worst business idea ever biodegradable bricks 
and then satan whispered , hey let's put the alphabet in math 
can a ninja throw any pointy object with lethal accuracy ? shuriken 
a scientist who studies adam's apples is called a guyneckologist . 
internet explorer is the best browser ... to download another browser . 
lotta dudes in this coffee shop looking poignant . 
why shouldn't girls wear duck pants you can see their quack 
* limbos away from your hug * 
how much hummus did the anorexic arab eat ? a tahini bit ! 
my name is joseph king . nah , just joeking . 
why do nuns never wear a bra ? god supports everything . 
molestation isn't funny ! seriously it's a touchy subject . 
what birds spend all their time on their knees ? birds of prey ! 
hearthstone's tgt decks are live ! log in and play ! 
what does santa listen to while delivering presents ? sleigh - er 
what is the most painful russian dance ? tchaikovsky's * the nutcracker * . 
the only thing i learned in college is that i'm stupid . 
i hate jokes about disabled people they can't even stand up for themselves 
facebook faithful on your wall , but cheating in your inbox . 
resistance is not futile ... it's voltage divided by current . 
when the cat sits on my head , my shadow looks like batman . 
nick jonas is popular again ... i bet kevin and joe jonas are jealous 
has anyone's leg ever become pregnant with puppies ? 
today , my girlfriend said she's dumping me for some geometric drawings figures . 
what do you call a star - spangled pubic wig ? a'me rkin 
i think sitting on an airplane is the most exhausting type of sitting . 
him : you're not like other girls me : foghorn sound 
understanding women isn't rocket science . rocket science has rules and boundaries . 
ur moma is so hairy that harry potter got jealous . 
confucius say 7 days of honeymoon make one whole week . 
how do bored cows sound like ? meh 
how do you keep a lawyer from drowning ? shoot him . 
" i wasn't born yesterday " - lying newborn baby 
hark work never killed anybody but why take the risk . 
i named my daughter dagstorp after where she was conceived ikea sofa 
what does shrek say when he wins a game of chess ? shrekmate . 
what do you call a rare egyptian king ? king nottocommon 
things that are dangerous - - riding a motorcycle - sharks - riding sharks 
jokes what is mario's favorite fruit 
it costs 6 to visit karl marx's grave . google it . 
meta r germanhumour for all fans of german humour r germanhumour . 
my street looks like a garbage dump ... ... litter ally ! 
what does the aardvark take sailing ? an aard ark ! 
honk if it's easier 2 love strangers than the ppl closest 2 u 
what options does an abortionist have to get ashore ? row vs . wade 
harry potter : alohamora mora : aloha , harry 
what does a little sister ride ? a nissan . 
why was the ghost uneducated ? he was too ghoul for school 
what replaces steam , the gaming platform , in china ? pollution . 
what kind of wig can hear ? an earwig ! 
oh you have morals ? you must be new here . 
where would you find an egyptian psychopathic swimmer ? in denial . 
toddler saves michael cera from drowning 
i keep making jokes about spacex but none of them seem to land . 
why does a giraffe have a long neck ? cause its feet smell . 
i got a restraining order from the costco bagel sample lady . 
minimalism ... it's the least you can do . 
woman of my dreams i don't sleep so i can't find her ! 
why does fluoride cause apathy ? who cares . 
my favorite one - liner two women sat down quietly . 
it would be really nice if everything was coffee . 
how does stephen hawking refresh after a long day ? f5 . 
what did anakin order from the italian bakery ? only one cannoli . 
alcohol doesn't cause hangovers ... . waking up does . 
how does harry potter travel about ? walking - jk rolling 
jaws 1975 : people started hating a shark for doing normal shark things 
i came up with an original word yesterday ... ... plagiarism . 
that new movie called erectile dysfunction what a flop . 
people got tired of my lactation joke i kept milking it . 
will you be my 14th most used emoji ? 
what is the vampire's favorite slogan ? please give blood generously . 
i saw an apple store get robbed . i was an iwitness 
why was the racehorse names strawberry ice ? he was a sherbet ! 
what killed the imgur front page ? the grim reappost 
what's large , grey and doesn't matter ? an irrelephant . 
my resolution for the new year is ... 1080p 
yo mama's so fat ... that she was dropped on hiroshima . 
anger the feeling that makes your mouth work faster than your mind . 
did you hear about angle 57 . 29 he's rad 
which songs do planets sing ? neptunes . 
i just yawned so loud , i think i called a boat in . 
fish don't like ... to be told they smell like women either . 
hell hath no fury like 2 women in a car accident ... 
swimming is my favorite recreational activity that's also a desperate attempt not to die 
what do fish use to get high seaweed d 
every idiot can use a computer . most do . 
why don't sjw's like guns ? they can't handle the trigger ! 
what does peta stand for ? people eating tasty animals 
here's a fedex joke http : imgur . com uigwu3e 
your tweets are so boring the nsa just unfollowed you . 
i'm giving up drinking . ... hard liquor . ... on wednesdays . 
i just facebook unfriended someone on their birthday . truegrit 
what's the unluckiest kind of cat to have ? a catastrophe ! 
if you cut off my head i'll continue eating for two more days . 
why do ghosts like to ride elevators ? it lifts their spirits . 
i hate when people share opinions without being asked . 
the only thing my girl friend blows is everything out of proportion 
you know what the last thing i said last year was ? one ! 
" 50 shades of clay : the aiken story " might've been worse . 
if i have seizures brought on by soda ... do i have pepsilepsy ? 
why don't cows play poker ? because it's a high steaks game 
where do you find the bible in a library ? " fiction " . 
vegetarians and vegans are admirable ... ... but cannibals are the real humanitarians . 
what's a hard drive's favorite band ? data remember 
cell division , explained : o 0 8 oo 
i'd date me . but mainly because i put out . 
i forgot to go to my seminar on mindfulness 
where does christopher keep his dance shoes ? in the walken closet . 
sure , i'll help you find those paper cuts . - purell 
when a dog's stomach starts growling , it's either hungry , or pregnant . 
finally watched an episode of america's got talent and i disagree . 
* michael cera presses too hard with a crayon and breaks his wrist * 
if wednesday is hump day ... would that make tuesday foreplay day ? 
why did the bacon laugh ? because the egg cracked a yolk . 
what i buy from a tea shop i sigh everytime . 
whats a terrorists favorite dessert flavored ices 
girl are you a plumber ? cause i wanna make you moen 
i just got condoms installed on my floor today it protects the hardwood . 
eat that damn door we are waiting 
mayweather decides to teach his son how to hit on girls . with fists 
a person is sentenced to death by freezing it's justice . 
what kind of newspaper do cows read ? the moo york times 
grammer nazis are the worse . thank you four you're time . 
i miss the good old days when no one knew what gluten was . 
" almost there . " - liars 
the days of good grammar has went . 
love is an ocean of emotions entirely surrounded by expenses . 
what did the joker say to the dwarf planet ? why so ceres ? 
what is robin going to get for christmas ? an oviposition set 
flipped the entire family off while they had their eyes closed during grace . 
why did the cs major quit his job ? he didn't get arrays . 
what did the gorilla call his first wife ? his prime - mate ! 
baby are you an angler fish ? because i'm super into you . 
you say cannibal , i say people person . 
paul has a kid it's appalling 
looks up at arresting officer are you mad at me 
dog bites my arm off owner : lol don't worry he's just playing 
glee has ruined that word for me 
why do beaches not get sarcasm ? because they always take things littorally 
give a woman an inch and she probably won't call you back . 
what pill would you give to an elephant that can't sleep ? trunkquilizers ! 
which state is actually a tiny soft drink ? mini - soda . 
why does op never deliver ? removed 
has this been posted before ? 
why do artists never win when they play football ? they keep drawing ! 
in north korea ... edited everything is grand and prosperous and usa is smelly 
neurotic condoms stay awake at night thinking " i'm only 99 effective . " 
my new years resolution 4k 
steps to fold a fitted sheet 1 put sheet on bed 2 fold bed 
horses are nice , they're like motorcycles you can pet 
why does lebron james wear high socks ? his cavs can't handle the heat 
when's the worst time to eat candy ? when she's on her period . 
what's it called if women in heaven still menstruate ? a grace period . 
you were the hot single in your area the whole time . 
a dating site that connects tupperware containers with lost lids . 
f * * k censorship 
i've been married for about 45 lbs . 
what do you call a large predatory bird with poor social skills ? hawkward 
i just got a socially progressive phone ... it has an lgbtqwerty keyboard 
my dyslexic uncle was suicidal ... he kept jumping behind trains 
what happened when the frogs car broke down ? it got toad 
why are apple products popular with hipsters ? steve jobs went underground . 
what does hulk say when he poops ? ibm ! 
you can't make everyone happy . you aren't a jar of nutella . 
what do you call a sad cancer patient ? chemo - sobby kemosabe 
i heard oxygen and magnesium were dating and i was like omg 
what's faster than light ? darkness , my old friend . 
what was inxs singer michael hutchence's favorite vegetable ? the autochoke . 
what fish do road - menders use ? pneumatic krill ! 
who is a graduate student's least favorite greek hero ? thesus 
what profession did the parrot get into when it swallowed the clock ? politics 
what's big , scottish and depressing ? scotland 
did you hear woody stabbed his best friend ? what a buzz kill 
like a stoned man once said , i can't remember . 
taken is the adult version of finding nemo . 
if anyone needs me , i'll be over at facebook , actin creepy . 
have i got a favourite 70's rock band ? yes . 
what was the former name of captain hook ? captain hand 
why were the rappers late for their flight ? they forgot tupac 
had a near death experience last night a cop pulled me over . 
a natural log with her own show ln degeneres 
spell " pound " in two letters . lb . 
what's the best way to wrap up 2016 ? debbie reynolds wrap . 
where does q come before p ? in front of a busy urinal . 
why do people with the flu stand in corners ? its always 90 degrees 
metro don't trust trump . future gon shoot him . 
meta question . is there a such thing as a rhetorical joke ? 
when is your birthday ? 17th january . what year ? every year ! 
what's the italian version of preparation - h ? innuend - o 
i'm not getting married till pizza hut allows gift registry . 
vanilla ice is selling more records lately guess his fans are seminemtal 
team work is important it helps to put the blame on someone else . 
it's not what man can create it's what man can become . 
dictinry for sell . never use . 
if european in the bathroom , who's the guy on the floor ? himalayan 
do you think gillette employees ever call in schick to work ? 
you can't keep two ducks alone together it's a paradox . 
i wouldn't step onto a plane with thrust issues . 
what kind of watch does germs bond wear ? an amoeba . 
what is the most popular brand of indian vodka ? patel one . 
flavor flav's full name is flavor flavor 
what do you get when you cross batman with mountain dew ? dew diligance 
if chris brown played quidditch , what position would he play ? beater 
you're so ugly ... your birth certificate is a letter of apology . 
evening commute one inch of snow will do this to you in dc 
* puts on strapless bra * takes an extra prozac 
what's a catalyst ? it's how a farmer keeps track of his cows . 
every time i think i've got the perfect family they escape . 
why do cats chase birds ? for a lark ! 
who is a presents favorite quarterback ? tim tebow 
what does nascar really stand for ? non athletic sport centered around rednecks 
a patriotic needle said : don't thread on me . 
turns out i'm addicted to refigerated poultry . i've gotta quit cold turkey . 
i wrote a poem about the nfl it has 32 offensive lines . 
i work to buy a car to go to work . 
laugh alone and the world thinks you're an idiot . 
when it's april 2nd and she still pregnant 
why don't we drink chicken milk ? it tastes fowl . 
if i die , tell them to reconstruct me from sock dna . 
three paddys 
to all the people saying i have fat fingers ... fyvk off 
thank god wolverine isn't italian ... 
how are jail and olive garden similar ? free endless salad tossing 
ate too much salad today so i'm going on an oreos cleanse tomorrow . 
ama request : someone who has successfully committed suicide . 
what's a reindeer's favourite celebrity ? beyonsleigh 
my homemade bread turned out very well , kneadless to say . 
what did god say to the cheese that sinned ? gouda hell . 
robot nerves why are robots never afraid ? because they have nerves of steel 
what do you call a disappointing white wine ? prosecc - oh ... 
the leg rests have taken over ! fear the ottoman empire ! 
which president was famous for his long pauses ? ellipsis s . grant . 
what if when you die they ask you " how was heaven ? " 
all restaurants are drive - thru if you drive hard enough 
why did the bodybuilder go to the vet ? because his pythons were sick 
to catch chlamydia , you have to think like chlamydia . 
50 shades of gray - worst set of crayola colored pencils . 
what is spidermas favourite type of rice uncle ben's 
did you hear about the deaths from bird flu ? they were all chicken 
the crow was calling my name thought cah 
i'd accidentally kill myself within 3 minutes of owning a light saber . 
why do women talk non - stop ? because they don't like periods . 
canada . because i love being cold 95 of my life . 
looks like a wonderful day to do all the nothing i have planned . 
why don't apples smile when you go bobbing ? because they're crab apples ! 
treat me like a joke , and i'll leave you like it's funny . 
people that study meteors are called weatherologists 
what's a feminist favorite ship ? a censorship 
i make rabbit tuxedos for a living . i'm a hare - dresser . 
if someone is spitting behind you , it means you're in front . 
you're sweeter than 3 . 14 
my dad didn't let me date untill i was pregnant ... 
facebook is the most confusing dating site i have ever been on . 
never drink water while studying it'll dilute your concentration 
goodbye work computer hello home computer 
schroedinger's theory of attraction 1 . be attractive 2 . don't be attractive 
an app that tells you how raven something is . 
i went to a peanut factory last week . it was nuts ! 
i don't like to go to funerals i'm just not a mourning person . 
what do you get when you turn 4 blondes upside down ? 4 brunettes 
women with pasts interest men ... they hope history will repeat itself . 
what does a mod do in their spare time ? deleted 
" is this a card ? " - the vague street magician 
q : where is the world's fastest chicken from ? a : ethiopia ! 
people who call themselves " grammar nazis " deserve the worst possible sentence . 
the platypus has to be the weirdest looking animal i've ever gotten pregnant . 
can't quit smoking ? wear mittens all the time . 
a car is just a very small room with wheels 
redditors will get this . replayed jokes . 
i got sick from a fist bump it's the first confirmed case of ebrola 
i just paid 400 for a cup . what a mug . 
don't judge me until you've scrolled a mile through my meme collection 
pennies from heaven would actually be quite devastating . 
i hate my new hair cut . hopefully it will grow on me . 
michael phelps i have a combined 19 gold medals 4 dui's . 
help im covered in chameleons no one believes me 
why is your bio written in english but your tweets written in spaghetti ? 
adults have imaginary friends too ... his name is god . 
yo dawg , we heard you like batman so we killed your parents 
which us national park is most welcoming to hebrews ? yosemite ! 
i'm " friends with beneficiaries " years old . 
my favorite childhood memory is not having a job . 
don't be a vegetarian ! it's a big missteak 
what happens to garlic sauce over time ? the sausages . 
what's the most prominent religion in canada ? jemima's witnesses . 
just got a nosebleed . thank god my head isn't pregnant ! 
what career is a perfect ten ? forensics 
which is bernie sanders dominant hand ? his left one 
what do you call the wafers you eat at church ? jeez - its 
did anyone hear about the fat priest ? he never exorcised . 
why couldn't germany win a world war ? because they'd russia lot 
english teachers put more thought into novels than the authors do . 
poor will ... he gets fired at a lot . 
why was peter pan a bad boxer ? his punches neverland . 
walentine's day when your woman decides to give the gift you really wanted . 
ken cross ama that's it . 
what is spiderman's perfect job ? a web designer . sorry ! 
england vs usa . loser gets new jersey . 
i've never made eggplant before . is it better fried or scrambled ? 
doctor : how's your headache ? patient : she's out of town . 
you had me at " various dipping sauces " 
how do you catch a swedish fish ? with a gummy worm as bait 
what sounds do nuts make when they sneeze ? cashew 
sadly . . . . some frogs have been known to kermit suicide 
why do blondes like blonde jokes ? it makes them feel popular . 
why did i divide sin by tan ? just cos . 
what do you call a minion that falls on a grill ? filet mignon 
why can't redheads get drunk ? because they only drink ginger ale . 
the living can't communicate with the dead , that's just seance fiction 
what's fonzie's favorite indefinite article ? ehhhhhh ! 
most people prefer quilts over duvets but you shouldn't make blanket statements . 
if shrek can find love , so can you . 
what is the pillsbury doughboy's wife's favorite snack ? doughnuts . 
the popularity of origami has increased ten fold . 
why didn't the elephant eat the banana ? 
what's the worst kind of media ? chlamydia 
help me i'm choking on an ice cube nevermind i'm good . 
i burnt my hawaiian pizza last night . must use aloha setting . 
michael cera knocked backwards by ejecting toast 
pc master race 
today has been cancelled , due to lack of interest . 
stupidity is not a crime so you are free to go . 
what gets bigger every time i see my wife . my wife . 
valve improving their customer service . 
jared fogle's defense in court . he was just trying to get off . 
what do you call toddlers who are dictators ? dictator tots 
why do canadians call alcohol anonymous triple a ? aa , eh 
why couldn't robin play cricket ? because he lost his bat , man . 
when life gives you lemons ... attempt to weaponize lemonade . 
name some anti - jokes they always are the funniest 
what's 16 centimetres long and makes every girl happy ? a 500 bill . 
what do you call a transparent robot ? see - through p0 
i need this plant to grow . well , water you waiting for ? 
if you don't like the fire ... . don't tickle the dragon . 
where do theatrical cats wear their gloves ? on their ... dramatic paws 
stupid baby keeps knocking my bong over . 
i'm raising my child to believe there were only 3 star wars movies . 
i'm writing a book on procrastination i'm only on page 1 sadly 
what does a shaved otter look like ? odder ... sorry 
who was the 45th vice president of the united states ? warning : gore 
wings are the leading cause of bird flew 
chuck norris drives a solar powered car at night . 
what's the favourite flavour of sharks ? shark - o - late ! 
open your mind before your mouth . 
what do german kids play on the playground ? guten tag ! 
just robbed a bakery i kneaded the dough . 
i'm sorry , all i hear is your perfume 
what is the clumsiest bee ? a bumbling bee . 
what's infinite times better than the super bowl ? the hyperbole 
so many words sound the same when someone calls you from a homophone . 
how do you hydrate a 2 year old at disney world ? gatorade 
70 of my enemies were once my friends . 
capital reward stoners get stoned in saudi arabia 
wheres my dog gone ? dead in the trash 
what country are you most likely to get a disease ? germany . 
a feminist is someone i could really get behind . 
where do you weigh a pie ? somewhere over the rainbow . 
damn girl are you calculus because i have no idea what youre talking about 
what does an australian use instaed of toilet paper ? bidet , mate . 
what fighting style does best girl use ? waifoo . 
what is a cat's favorite alcoholic beverage ? boxed wine , obviously . 
use of the word " irony " should be avoided , ironically enough . 
you've heard of alphabet soup now get ready for times new ramen 
expect nothing and you'll be impressed every day . 
who would steal an artificial leg ? i'm stumped . 
let he who is without selfie cast the first stone 
these poker chips must be stale , they taste horrible . 
i saw someone spill a protein shake in the gym today whey 
what's colder than ice cream ? isis 
in my defense , it was a fantastic idea at 3am ... 
what do jedi hate the most ? forced jokes . 
breaking news : hole blasted into women's restroom officers are looking into it 
what kind of shrimp does chris brown like ? battered shrimp . 
who do you call if everlast is having a heart attack ? eminem . 
i can prove that every redditor can read other people's minds other people's minds 
i just won an award for my hairdressing skills . best newcomber 
chivalry is just the study of green onions right ? 
what do paper towels call their family ? napkin 
i start my job at a restaurant tomorrow i can't wait 
if winning isn't everything why do they keep score ? 
if you are what you eat then i'm a cannibal . ba dum tsh 
how ugly was she ? paper or plasic ? 
dear mario , i wasted my childhood trying to save your girlfriend : 
moms that name their daughters stacy are the real narcissists . 
how much do deodorant factory workers get paid ? a pittance . 
chuck norris trick - or - treated as himself as a child . 
what kind of house is easiest to pick up ? a light house . 
1 battery ... . . because i like to live on the 
i just licked a knife . . it tasted like blood . 
why are manhole covers round ? because manholes are round 
why are blind people bad at programming ? because they can't c 
this upcoming usa presidential election that's it ... that's the punch line . 
where do baby apes sleep ? apricots . 
ever read helen keller's book ? no ? neither did she . 
never let your friends feel lonely ! disturb them at all times ! 
a snowman sees a sign for a snowblower oh hell yeah 
where do monkeys hang out ? at the monkey bars . 
it's better to have loved and lost than be eaten by a bear . 
getting gold is like getting laid most of us don't . 
what did the mouse say when his cheese was stolen ? rats ! 
the modern police force by iris tew 
you are literally overusing literally . 
whats the difference between an atheist , a christian and a dog ? dogma 
police were called to a day care toddler was resisting a rest . 
new dating app for german catholic priests kinder 
fock spelling . 
why - fi : the existential internet connection . 
god's recreational activity is to destroy the whole universe and create it again . 
i've seen people like you , but i had to pay admission ! 
they should make a minecraft movie it would be a blockbuster . 
never trust a man wearing more than 0 necklaces 
which football team loves ice - cream ? aston vanilla ! 
* puts on sports bra * well , that's enough exercise for today ... 
my friend's been dating tim howard she told me he's a keeper . 
i froze some paint today . now it's just one solid color . 
i like to move it move it you like to move it it 
no checks czechs are welcome . 
my face is very symmetrical ... over the x - axis : 
guide to making everyone hate you : step 1 turn your hat backwards 
when does an astronaut eat his favourite meal ? at launch time . 
did you hear about the steering - wheel belt ? it's driving me nuts 
if you're a douchebag , it's so easy to find the right hat . 
i have a step - ladder i've never known my biological ladder 
what do you call a legend of zelda fan theory ? head ganon 
what kind of monkey can fly ? a hot air baboon ! 
happy alentine's ay for those who will not be getting the v nor d 
how do you make tear - free soap ? don't use child labor . 
plays tetris . gets a circle . 
what does mr miyagi call his cat mr meow'y 
how did the telephones get married ? in a double ring ceremony ! 
the group wanted to pour some wine but unfortunately ... decant 
love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence . 
autocorrect is horrible ... i'm so tired of this shirt 
why did mickey mouse go to outer space ? to find pluto . 
hitler's proofreader for mein kampf was literally a grammar nazi . 
what was shaken and is now stirred ? haiti . 
you look like the grinch with plastic surgery gone wrong ! 
what is dna's favourite clothing ? jeans ! 
what is a statistician's favorite social media site ? histogram 
is there big money in the cattle business ? so i've herd ! 
what do bad writers use to pick up hot pans ? plot holders . 
an irish wake partying is such sweet sorrow . 
isis just frozen water 
there is a drink called sandy it's a watered down manhattan . 
say it with flowers send a wreath 
why didn't the cheese get sliced ? it was destined for grater . 
i fall asleep every night while browsing the chlora forum 
what did the man get when he shop lifted a calander ? 12 months 
" and the rest is history . " - lazy history teacher 
what was king arthur's favourite game ? knights and crosses ! 
where do cowboys cook their meals ? on the range 
what do you call an unpleasant sand - carrying windstorm ? da rude sandstorm 
feminazis love game of thrones ... ... . . cause all men must die 
" my favorite letter is x " " why ? " " z " 
we should send uma thurman to japan she's good at fighting 8 . 8's 
nokia but it's my kia 
life is short . beat it up and steal its lunch money . 
my friend has recently started collecting acting equipment . props to him . 
my wife remains very racist in her approach to laundry . 
litter of puppies cute . liter of puppies gross . 
you're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on . 
sorry i can't date you because i'm seeing anybody else . 
what is a suicide bomber's favorite tv show ? the big bang theory . 
i hear they're making a new 50 euro note on grease proof paper 
what do you call an overweight hobbit's belly ? his middle girth 
which burgers are dishonest ? cat - burgers ! burglars 
how to dos someone without any tech knowledge steal all their shirts and shoes 
help ! i'm a fat man trapped in a skinny body ! 
what is an eskimos best friend ? pol ice 
a surrealist entered an indian market . it felt very bazaar . 
sold some krokodil today ... ... " see you later alligator " 
got laid off . 
i like the way your medication thinks . 
i don't believe in star signs but that's me ... typical capricorn ! 
what murder mystery is especially popular among mathematicians ? the sin of 4 
" ho , ho , ho ! " - santa doing a head count 
what's a blind person's favorite fast food joint ? taco braille 
if we stop neutering our dogs then the terriers have won . 
i'm feeling more attracted to you lately . have you put on weight ? 
world peace . 
where do two electrons race ? on a circuit 
am - hello - goodbye 
friends and family of jedis should be called " the force kin " 
shoutout to the dozens of people still trying to make google a thing ! 
who's the worst villain in more games than any other ? ea 
i had my blood drawn today . the artist was very nice . 
the winds of change can blow me . 
pugs . because you can't own e . t . 
what's the definition of a narrow squeak ? a thin mouse ! 
i wish more religions took advantage of a vow of silence . 
disney to remake jungle book as jungle ereader . 
turns out xenophobia is not a fear of warrior princesses 
zombies must be great with girls . they're always getting into their guts . 
why are there no nice cars in heaven ? because abortions float . 
psychic wanted : you know where to apply . 
i hate recursion , irony , and the oxford comma . 
let's get married but instead of kids we have nachos 
all i ask is a chance to prove money can't make me happy . 
how does jennifer lopez like her cheese ? from the block . 
why didn't they just call the selfie stick a narcissistick ? 
what is a caveman's favourite audio compression algorithm ? ogg 
people complain about their looks , but no one complains about their brains . 
opinion - 3 . 14 onion 
ladies , don't wear skinny jeans , if you have no skinny genes . 
what were the polite egyptians running away from ? darude sandstorm 
if you're testing me , we failed . 
stop holding secret meetings about my paranoia ! 
what do you call an all sikh band ? n'si ngh . 
a termite walks into a bar and asks is the bartender here ? 
if apple designed a house , what would they not install ? windows ... 
a german walks into a french bar there is no counter . 
one time , at banned camp , i felt really excluded . 
i'm starting to think twitter has nothing to do with birds . 
i bet you've already heard this it's a pretty common word . 
what stopped the beaver's crime spree ? the damming evidence 
the seattle seahawks play calling . 
squirrel probs 
iama dyslexic government computer programmer , ama ! whoops , wrong usb . 
laughter really is the best medicine ... except for diarrhea . 
what does a diabetic elf need ? tinselin 
i am going to stop procrastinating tomorrow . 
halal sounds a lot like arnold swartzenegger greeting someone . 
give me the best joke you have 
this specimen cup tastes like coors light . 
what happens when you mix roofies and viagra ? ring toss . 
great news for insomniacs ... only three more sleeps until christmas ! 
the sun will come out tomorrow , and unfortunately so will other people . 
a contractor is just a regular tractor that rips people off 
why don't x and z get along with y ? because y so serious 
a lawyer - turned - cook is a sue chef . 
if hillary becomes president ... ... will that make bill the first husband ? 
anywhere but here . where does the punchline of a joke go ? 
why is the computer so aggressive ? it bytes 
h2o is water and h2o2 is hydrogen peroxide . what is h2o4 ? drinking 
men are just happier people 
doctor doctor i keep thinking i'm invisible who said that ? 
trying to decide who to leave my middle fingers to when i die . 
2 wrongs don't make a right but 3 rights make a left 
excuse my french ... ... but i surrender . 
i'm great with kids because mentally i'm on their level . 
i'm currently in a very serious relationship , we don't even smile . 
texting while driving is incredibly stupid and dangerous you're practically begging for typos . 
it has been proven that australians watch tv more than any other appliance . 
if a poison expires , will it be more poisonous or less poisonous ? 
i have a step - stool and never met my real stool 
what does a skeleton use to carry his bones ? a cart - ilage 
what's fozzy bear's favorite city ? mil - wocka - wocka - waukee 
stupid nanny state won't let me enroll my kids in bartending school . 
who the hell called them deadbeat dads instead of negli - gents ? 
just walked in on my uncle " taking a selfie " : 
yarrr , have ye seen me mizzenmast ? it's mizzen . 
why do the french like cheap trick ? because they always surrender ! 
what is the height of trust ? two cannibals in a 69 
rt this if wish you had an fairly oddparent . 
i named my dog karma she's very well behaved . 
i always say no to drugs ... but they never listen . 
what idiot called it a rhyme book not rapping paper 
lap band surgery waist knot , want not . 
do you know what is worst than a bad joke ? 
did you hear about apple's new product ? it was a big 6s 
r jokes is like my elbow . i don't come here often . 
romney likes costco . so much that he bought 3 . 
sisters are like fat thighs they stick together . 
what do you call peter pan when he's barbequing ? peter grill 
you know what people really do when no one's looking ? your mum . 
me : * breathes * * gains weight * 
puns about cow sounds are the lowest form of humor . 
my friend asked me to describe myself in 3 words ... lazy 
why don't catholics wear condoms ? because little boys can't get pregnant . 
i don't have a problem with alcohol . only without it . 
is gohomeindianmedia really trending ? can we respond with nopleaseyoukeepthem or okfinewhereelsecanwesendthem 
what do you call something that has nothing to do with elephants ? irrelephant 
lets unzip our genes and see if we can share codes together . 
why is lettuce my favorite vegetable ? just cos . 
why did the germans loose wwii ? they kept stalin around . 
his holiness the dalai lama invited you to play candy crush . 
what's a redditors favorite imagine dragons song gold ! 
jackpot is like regular pot , but with a questionable added ingredient ... 
how does sherlock prefer his tea ? steeped in mystery ! 
couldn't look worse today . time to run into an ex ... 
what's a skunk's philosophy of life ? eat stink and be merry ! 
me and snoop dog worked together . it was a joint project 
last call for me is when my phone is at 10 battery . 
what kind of food can't blind people eat ? seafood . 
careful ! angry dog in the backyard ! please do not crush him . 
islam is a religion of peace 
" i wish i had her skin ! " - teenage girls serial killers 
til kurt cobain didn't have a license . he preferred riding shotgun 
i hope you guys like one - line antijokes 
that movie was so bad ... ... only helen keller liked it . 
air resistance is a jerk 
i think the republican party is correct on a few key issues like ... 
no wine . no peace . know wine . know peace . 
what sort of perfume do snakes prefer ? poison by christian dior ! 
you better brush your teeth everyday ... oral - b very mad ! 
whats a sign a subreddit has strong moderation ? removed 
what do you call a singing bottle of mustard ? celine dijon 
ups driver jumps out within 2 sec 
whose playing shaggy so much ? velma 
why doesn't angelina jolie like peaches ? because of the " pit " 
can you open your mouth without showing your teeth ? you're hired . 
i've got a new habit . and a naked dead nun . 
whats the incredible hulks favourite drink ? incredible mulk 
tell me your best joke ? 
what's bob marley's favorite dessert ? pot pie . 
what's the most popular russian streaming service ? nyetflix 
stadium announcer : " stadium ! " 
what's chris brown's favorite professional sport ? sockher 
at my comedy central roast after every joke that's not true 
what pokemon can you find at auschwitz ? gastly 
why can't animals ever have an olympics ? because there's always a cheetah 
somebody needs to tell tim burton about the other actors 
if your prius was a transformer his name would be fagatron 
dolly parton and princess diana go to heaven 
what would vincent van gogh be if he was a sheep ? lamb gogh 
your mom : over 10 , 000 , 000 , 000 served 
david cameron that there is a joke all on its own 
i'm sorry we fought . i hate it when you're wrong . 
how does donald trump plan to silence the terrorists ? muzzle em 
we live in a time of delicious cakes . 
what's big and purple and hugs your easter basket ? the easter barney ! 
how do dinosaurs smell ? ex - stinky 
why was cleopatra so negative ? because she was queen of denial . 
spell electricity with three letters . nrg energy . 
let's vote the pool water off that celebrity diving show . 
why do nigerian babies cry ? midlife crisis 
why was the robber bionic ? he was holding up a bank . 
the traffic must be horrendous in a red light district 
oxygen hydrogen sodium sodium whats my name 
what type of road race do donald trump supporters run ? 3 k's 
" action , camera , lights ! " - dyslexic and now unemployed director 
what subreddit do unborn babies use ? pro life tips . 
some people might as well post " wants attention " as their facebook status 
breakups is just a fancy name for what happens when men win arguments . 
i heard simon say , " turn to the next page . " 
dear necessity , happy mothers day ! - invention . 
so i studied abroad in college ... she never called me back though . 
most conversations that occur over bluetooth are about buying a used jet ski . 
can't believe i've already spent 500 on mayonnaise this year . 
where do tech guys with diarrhea go to work ? ibm 
what do snakes have on their bath towels ? hiss and hers ! 
my blood type is also my life motto : b positive 
where does marine wildlife get treated ? the squid - ward . 
girl are you the iraq invasion because this was a mistake 
our scariest president was probably rushmore , because he had four heads 
a hipster so cool he is reading a tree 
where do angry mailmen work ? at the pissed office . 
why did a pile of gravel go to jail ? aggregated basalt 
" oh great . another puppy . " - sarah mclachlan's friends at christmas 
lost airport chameleon finally found after hiding in plane site 
what's a feminist's favourite school lesson ? triggernometry . 
why was the teacher cross - eyed ? he couldn't control his pupils . 
what do all men at single's bars have in common ? they're married . 
kanye and kim are having their 2nd baby that's the joke . 
it takes a lot of balls to play golf the way i do . 
what do they do with rope in space ? tie astro - knots . 
i can't wait to be ashamed of what i do this weekend . 
it's colder than ... 
ask me if you can join the pee club ... do it ! 
what's a musician's favourite kitchen utensil ? a chopin knife ! 
algebron james is the best mathlete in the league 
my neighbors listens to awesome music whether they like it or not . 
what do bad photographs and the irish famine have in common ? potato quality 
sunday and monday stand back to back , spraying darkness in both directions . 
i'm expended , i'm expensive , and i'm expanded . ... ijkwim . 
putting candles on a cake is wishful thinking 
the current " feminist " movement 
whenever you feel depressed , imagine someone tickling kristen stewart . 
yo mama so old her birth certificate says expired on it . 
what is the opposite of paranoia ? thinking you are following someone . 
what does lebron use to high jump ? the flosberry flop . 
what did the short boy bring to high school ? a ladder . 
if anything is possible , is it possible for something to be impossible ? 
short what is the best color ? reddit 
i call my girl attila because she's my hun . 
what covers the outside of a dogwood tree ? bark . 
my cow got parkinson's now she only produces milkshakes . 
i turned my hobby into a job - george , gynecologist 
the stock market has been looking thinner lately . it's lost several pounds . 
how do fish get stoned ... ... seaweed . 
what's the fastest way to heaven ? it depends on the flight delays . 
the weather in saudi arabia is pretty simple it's either sunni or shiite 
what's yellow and sleeps alone ? yoko ono 
i hear cancer is hard to beat no one got past stage 4 . 
if you ... ... fap on an airplane , are you hijacking ? 
fried chicken is unhealthy , especially for the chicken . 
everyone knows someone whose laugh is always funnier than the joke . 
why do old people read the bible so much ? cramming for finals 
quiting smoking is easy i've done it hundreds of times . 
what game do enemy naval officers play in the sauna ? battleshvitz 
ikea is swedish for diy 
try saying " i like cops " without your lips touching 
good cop : frisks you bad cop : takes his time 
this is overexaggerated . 1 x 
what data service is red and wireless ? flash - drives 
there's a huge party at the orphanage tonight their parents are gone . 
your life and greatest achievements 
what's a virgin's favorite christmas song ? " single bells " 
i'm so ugly ... i can't even turn on a lamp 
who do you sell second hand bikes to ? a re - cyclist . 
what music do girls on their periods listen to ? ragtime 
what pillar doesn't need holding up ? a caterpillar ! 
there were three holes in the ground . well , well , well . 
are you looking arround ? 
* aggressively aggresses your aggressions into aggressivity . * 
packs 2 hours before leaving for a trip unpacks 3 months after coming home 
a bridge killed my family ... we're arch enemies now . 
you don't owe anyone an explanation for who you are . 
what do you call three brothers taking acid together ? triplets 
* wants space * * eats milky way * 
i never make jokes about airplanes they go over everyone's heads . 
i wish more people were fluent in silence . 
i'm going to sell john lennon memorabilia online . imagine all the paypal . 
every program i write is completely error - free no exceptions ! 
whats a feminist's favorite math subject ? triggerednometry 
way to disappoint me , things that aren't cheese . 
yo momma is so fat her toenails aren't painted , just redshifted 
are we done ? can we go ? - a memoir . 
what did drake say when he got out of the elevator ? 
i'm almost drunk enough to comment on a youtube video . 
where's the best place to store ice cream cones ? conetainers 
late - night jokes of the week video 
tell the barista your name is beetlejuice and quietly walk out . 
caesar and brutus are playing battleships . a2 , brute ? 
my bedtime is 9 : 11pm ... so i never forget . 
isis could be considered today's rocket power because they are always blasting away ! 
yo mama is so hairy that bigfoot tried to take her picture ! 
sorry if my tweets aren't good enough for you , person who retweets cher 
funeral ok i need everyone over 70 to gather for the bouquet toss 
if your brain produces saliva you have a patooey - tary gland thank you 
non - americans may get this . waterboarded . 
what did the computer do with his overgrown gardens ... ? mowed em . 
what are those ? ! thanks , how did you know ? 
what genre can't ed sheeran sing ? soul 
never serve bad food at a bris otherwise the rabbi won't leave a tip 
i get beavers and similar animals mixed up . i otter know better . 
where do star wars rebel officers eat ? the admiral snackbar . 
those that forget the pasta are doomed to reheat it . 
commercial : a man is having his bloody infected foot amputated narrator : shoes 
netflix asked how often do you watch period pieces ? about once a month 
drugs are not a solution ! until you mix them with water 
the real problem with kissing a perfect 10 the cops come chasing after you 
" que ? " spanish inquisition 
what do math teachers grow ? geometrees and trigonometrees 
what are you if you aren't european ? eurapoopin . - my daughter 
what do you call painful constipation ? excretiating pain 
what do you say to an overworked clothing maker ? you seamstressed . 
i'm only leaving the house today so my selfies will have new backgrounds . 
every woman is wrong until she starts crying ... then she's right . 
whats the most deserted place on fathers day ? the visitation ward . 
420 is a gateway holiday to harder , more serious holidays . 
stickiest things in the world : 3 lollipops 2 glue 1 children's library books 
have you seen a proton lying around ? i'm sure i hadron somewhere . 
what did mary give her cheating husband for christmas ? a bullet . 
went to see a psychic without an appointment and he wasn't expecting me ? 
men are like government bonds . they take so long to mature . 
parenting teenagers is easy since they already know everything . 
my optometrist told me in 8 years i'd have 2020 vision . 
how do you confuse a drummer ? give him sheet music 
what's your mom's favorite seafood resturant ? captain d's nutz 
i forgot how to throw a boomerang and then it came back to me 
i wear a french maid's outfit specifically to get out of doing housework . 
does bill nye always wear a bowtie ? seriously though ? 
why did the crimean run across the street ? because he was russian 
my new year's resolution ... 2k , and 16 extra pixels . 
what is the frat guy's favorite ion ? bromide 
what sits down but doesn't get back up ? a redditor . 
why did boba fett work alone ? because he was hunting solo . 
a joke about reddit's censorship policy . lt removed gt 
i just opened an express clothing alteration business . it's called tailor swift . 
54 of ikea purchases end in divorce . 
vintage joke : what's yellow and writes ? a ball point banana ! 
my job is top secret even i dont know what im doing 
what was john locke's favorite beer ? natty rights 
what's up doc ? by howie dewin 
whats the devil's favorite meal ? fillet of soul 
me and my wife are like catdog ... inseparable since birth . 
here is a joke for all the mind readers and psychics 
the pillsbury doughboy ... another sad case of battered man syndrome . 
there's no law against parrots calling you at work just to chat . 
best joke ever hey , lets play duoq 
a small part of me almost died today . . specifically mini - me 
did you hear about the local electrician ? his rates are shocking . 
pantibros before pantihose ? 
i'd be much more attracted to you if you were much more attractive . 
my abusive father always tells jokes his favorite part is the punch line . 
met a girl cop today . she shot me down . 
it's a pleasure to see you and another not to see . 
it's cyber monday , sooo ... . what are you wearing ? 
are you serious ? it's hard to tell because of all the botox . 
" let's give the bad guy a ponytail . " - 80s movies 
i am an agent of satan , but my duties are largely ceremonial . 
i'm so poor i can only afford middle ramen . 
if you can't spell , we can't hangman . 
if a camera adds 10 pounds then maybe stop eating them 
just got lasik . 20 20 would do again . 
losing your phone is the adult version of having your balloon fly away . 
remember : you can eat your way out of almost any problem . 
where do cats go after death ? purrgatory 
what do prisoners use to talk to each other ? cell phones . 
who has the biggest duck in compton ? a tripod 
what car does woody drive ? audi adui adui ! 
lebron reminds me of michael jordan ... ... when jordan played baseball 
what's the difference between an entomologist and an etymologist ? an etymologist would know 
when do clocks die ? when their time is up . 
what did the serial killer say before he killed his victim ? cheerio . 
how do sesame street characters reproduce ? big bird's eggs and abcmen . 
people who say that they're just naturally thin are also just naturally awful . 
cannibals are so full of themselves and other people 
i just googled " cool new rare diseases . " 
what's george washington's favorite element ? americium - 1776 
what's truly horrifying is when my generation starts having children on purpose . 
the 80's called and they want you to stop saying they called . 
jeremy clarkson decided not to stay with top gear , but james may 
my friend is really into that show arrow he's a real arrow - head 
still waiting for mine to mature into adultneys . 
what happens to criminal photons ? they get put in prism ! 
getting my dachshund teardrop tattoos rebranding him lil wein . 
little caesars in ferguson's is hot and ready 
where do the good guys go ? the friend zone ... 
what's pink and sits on a piano chair ? elton's john 
i'm getting my hacked gtav account back ! said no one 
i'll never be mad enough to throw my phone somewhere . 
i spotted a jaguar earlier today , now it looks like a leopard . 
what do you find in a cloud's shorts ? thunderpants ! 
what do giraffes eat at 11am ? brunch . 
puts in hearing aid aids aids aids aids aids takes out hearing aid 
i had to get a drug test today . . i got pissed . 
some cocaine addicts get very glossy skin . it's the charlie sheen 
why can't pc gamers use uber ? too many incompatible drivers . 
what wind is best for footballs ? drew brees 
what's the worst part about eating out an 80 year old ? depends 
thanks autocorrect . i wanted her to know that i shaved my duck . 
you ever made love to a man ? you want to ? 
where i from ? please tell me . 
who just can't get enough of one liners ? coke addicts . 
i shot a frog once . it croaked . 
dogs cant operate an mri machine , but catscan 
what is the opposite of an ipad mini ? a maxi pad 
why do waitresses hate mohels ? because they never leave a tip . 
in the bible it was adam and eve not adam and steve 
i just hate elevator jokes . they're wrong on so many levels . 
every woman's dessert order starts with , " i shouldn't . " 
one day ... i was on the front page of reddit 
what do pelicans eat ? anything that fits the bill . 
how do you kill 20 flies ? slap an african in the face 
difference between a cow and russia they both contain putin ... 
i'm not your typical teenage girl . i'm 35 years old . 
i hope death is a feminist . that way nothing will ever change . 
" i feel so average " tom said meanly 
have egyptians tried unplugging and plugging egypt ? 
does the five second rule apply to gravy ? 
joke : the swearing parrot geanostra 
a elderly man gets diagnosed with brain cancer and dies . 
" nazis ! " - the history channel 
and the lord said , let there be idiots . 
where do you keep microscopic criminals ? in cells . 
what did the redneck say when he lost his virginity ? thanks mum xd 
i got kicked out if boy scouts for eating a brownie 
i just read somewhere that reddit is dead i think i misreddit 
my impression of a new zealand duck : quick ... quick . quick . 
" life's too short to remove usb safely " 
what do you call an unconscious computer programmer ? dfghjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj 
what weapons do pengiuns have ? pen - guinades . 
want to lose 10 pounds of ugly fat ? cut off your head . 
what is a feminists least favourite subject at school ? triggernometry . 
what do you call a digital tree ? all bark and no byte 
how does ohm conduct an orchestra ? standing on his head ! 
why google is a she ? she have an answer for everything 
can happiness buy money ? 
joaquin what kind of name is joaquin ? it's not russian 
usain bolt is already in 2016 . happy new year ! 
why are volcanoes mischievous ? because they erupt to no good . 
i hope there's not a huge turnout at my claustrophobic's anonymous meeting tonight . 
what was the policeman's baby's first words ? hallo hallo hallo ! 
how does a dog play hendrix on guitar ? with a chihuahua pedal . 
what did beethoven the dog shed in a moment of genius ? fur elise 
what political party entices most gorillas ? the treepublican party ! 
this salad tastes like i'm about done with my new year's resolution . 
i have a hole in my sock ... darn it ! 
what do you call a group of whales playing music together ? an orcastra 
are you on facebook ? cos i sure would like to poke you 
first date with a hummingbird : you're moving too fast . 
i wanted to drive to the shop to buy some guacamole i didn't avocado 
what do irish feminists call men ? o'pr essors 
how fast can a bear run ? as fast as it can bear . 
your mother reminds me of eminem ... she only worth fiddy cent . 
my favorite jobs : 1 . blow 2 . steve 
what do you call the western half of kenya ? kenya west 
where do chickens go to get their coffee ? star - b - bwaks 
a deaf man and deaf lady go on a date ... 
" you never told me you were vegan ! " - no one ever 
what did liberace die from ? botulism . bad meat in the can . 
why are bananas and chocolate good friends ? they compliment each other nicely . 
you don't like her ? drink more . 
what were marco rubio's first words ? " hello , world ! " 
how does the easter bunny stay healthy ? eggsercise particularly hareobics ! 
why was pinocchio acting drunk ? he couldn't handle his lacquer 
hyperbole makes me want to kill myself . 
what did voltaire eat for thanksgiving ? candide yams 
i'm thinking of re - releasing my old tweets in 3d . 
did you see the movie invisible ? i couldn't 
seven days with no food makes juan week . 
don't let a man put anything over on you except an umbrella . 
where was france's military strategy developed ? toulouse 
what did santa get the day after christmas ? diabetes 
be nice to your kids . they'll choose your nursing home . 
what happened to the heretical chef ? he was burnt at the steak . 
what do you can a pessimistic antelope ? a cantaloupe 
noun : son of a b * * * h ! 
my wife is constantly hiding things where they belong . 
why are camouflage jokes always great ? because you never see them coming . 
are shellfish warm ? no they're clammy ! 
50's kids probably won't have this ... parents 
what kind of food do maths teachers eat ? square meals ! 
when life handed chuck norris lemons , he made chocolate pudding . 
how many women fits in a monk monastery ? nun . 
are you on a wanted poster , because you are sketchy as hell ... 
relationship status : my period comes more often than i do . 
" i'd like to raise a toast . " * levitates bread * 
this salad is delicious , probably because it's a donut . 
how do you silence a group of women ? bring out your camera . 
can r jokes start using nsfw tags for jokes with crude humor language ? 
what's vatican city's national animal ? the papal bull . 
i know who's batman's real son it's lil wayne ! 
i don't make jokes i just watch the government and report the facts . 
have you heard this one before ? yes , twelve posts ago 
is vanilla ice's son named vanilla extract ? cuz he should be . 
arm wrestling is definitely the manliest sport where two dudes hold hands ... 
how do you keep an amish girl happy ? two men a night . 
wanna hear something gross about usa ? 18 . 124 trillion 
how did kikkoman soy sauce move production to china ? they outsauced it . 
which ant is the biggest ? elephant 
whats yellow and dangerous ? shark infested custard 
why couldn't the glue hold the walls together ? because it wasn't ceiling . 
why did the vulture fly united airlines ? because they allow 1 free carrion 
muhammad ali's epitaph was revealed this morning . ali byebye . 
a tree tipped over a lot of pounds crashed to the ground 
resumes are the most popular form of historical fiction . 
daddy long legs are the nba players of spiders . 
i giveth , and i taketh away . why ? because i recycleth . 
prankcalling the nsa like is my refrigerator running ? 
all the jokes on this subreddit ... are fresh and original ! 
what did the twin embryos say when they were hungry ? fetus 
why did the rabbits go on strike ? they wanted a better celery ! 
trying to unhook a bra * kung fu noises * 
why was the lightning grilled on the stove ? - to make heat lightning 
i'll call bowling a sport when there's a goalie . 
quadruplets : four crying out loud . 
do fish get thirsty ? 
if lemonade is made from lemons , what's a colonnade made from ? 
why couldn't the cow leave the farm ? she was pasteurized ! 
the sad story of a homeless genie he lost his bottle 
june is over ? julying . 
why is germany taking in immigrants because they have the camps . 
i bought a fleshlight today my masturbation has gotten out of hand 
everyone my age is older than me ... 
studies show that woman are better drivers . sike ! 
i'm in hiding from exercise . it's called the fitness protection program . 
to get a job in the army you need good peoples kills . 
are ipads supposed to be red with two white knobs on the bottom ? 
what is the most awesomely amazing word in the english language ? anticlimactic 
where do cotton balls come from ? male cotton plants 
why are wedding dresses white ? so the dishwasher matches the stove . 
i can see your camouflage pants , so they're not working . 
they should really have disposable razors in the women's bathrooms at bars . 
don't worry if you missed 4 20 because today is 4 20 too ! 
favorite joke from letterman what goes into thirteen twice ? roman polanski . 
what does beyonce eat food out of ? an irreplacabowl . 
i've always been a b student . it's in my blood . 
what was the root of the problem dark ages ? the potato famine . 
what do they call their mistresses in islamic countries ? haram baes 
photons don't even matter . 
what name do you give to a frog ? croaky voice robbert 
remember kids ! friendly fire , isn't . 
facebook is pretty much the wal - mart of the internet . 
* paints car camouflage * * stops making payments * 
wheelchairs a perfect gift for that " special " someone . 
what do space - related scientists call themselves in australia ? austronomers 
i wonder what kirstie alley is putting frosting on right now . 
how do you reject a french girl ? just say neaux . 
test icles 
what do you call an isolated mystical forest creature ? gnome alone . 
who's a good example of a swedish spaniard ? per ejemplo . 
love is like a unicorn . i don't have a unicorn . 
what do you call a flexible rastafarian who lies a lot ? cinnamon twist 
how do all racist jokes start ? * looks around everywhere * 
referring to people as individuals isn't accurate ... i can divide them . 
president obama to rename the white house 
atheists certainly have a lot to say about the nothing they believe in . 
jokes for the blind . 
what do you call an arab with only 1 ball . iqubal 
corned beef and potatoes running aimlessly about on the playground . - hash tag 
guys , what's the most funny offensive joke you know ? 
time to fap ctrl shift n 
not to brag but my bank says i have an outstanding balance . 
to all the fisherman out there ... you da reel mvp 
what do angry beavers build ? damnits ! 
i literally use hyperbole seven billion times a day . 
whats an ex - iphone user's favorite cereal ? apple jacks 
thanks god my wife die . hhhhhhhhh 
what's worse than watching star wars ? 
abraham lincoln is trending . congrats to his social media team . 
what animal do you get when shake a pig ? a ham - stir 
which pokemon trainer does scyther hate the most ? red 
* seinfeld voice * what's the dill with pickles ? 
i'm extremely grateful that spiders don't scream back . 
all i'm saying is no one ever country westerns you like a hurricane . 
what do they call muhammad ali on bean night ? gaseous clay 
what kind of deoderant did the nazis wear ? reich guard 
why wasn't michael jackson healthy ? artificial colouring . 
excuse miss can you tell me does this rag smell like chloroform ? 
conspiracy theories are like moon landings . they're all fake 
people of north korea : please stop asking siri where the food is . 
hear about the constipated mathematician ? worked his logs out with a pencil . 
can i ask you a self - referential question ? 
one day ajay was feeling happy . suddenly happy slapped ajay . 
knock knock . little boy blue . 
what's the best thing about isis jokes ? ... the execution 
did your parents keep the placenta and throw away the baby ? 
q : what's gray and comes in pints ? a : an elephant . 
caterpillars : neither cats nor pillars . 
what's the problem with leptokurtic data sets ? they tend to be mean . 
trick people into thinking you're a doctor by turning off taps with your elbows 
ever wonder why you never see the headline . physic wins the lottery . 
the indecisive rower ... ... couldn't choose either oar . 
i asked this woman if shed join the membership gnomesayin 
you know what george bush and floyd mayweather have in common ? w . 
a magic tractor turns into a field ... ... think about it ... 
what is the easter bunny's favourite kind of story ? a cotton tale ! 
i don't need stress management , i just need less stress to manage . 
why would anyone want to remove their laser hair ? 
take your ex out tonight one bullet oughtta do it 
what is a guy with multi - tasking called ? husband . 
hey what do you call a bunch of scaredy cows ? cowherds . xd 
there is no number for what just happened in that bathroom . 
what's the wrong way to feed the cat ? to the dog . 
i'm not a fan of nascar ... i believe in equal rights . 
why does nobody talk to circles ? because there is no point ! 
what did the upset horse use to row his boat ? a saddle . 
agoraphobia i didn't go to my agoraphobics anonymous meeting today , obviously . 
pancakes are just crepes who let themselves go after college . 
what do you call an octopus that's missing one tentacle ? octopus prime . 
doctor doctor everyone keeps ignoring me . next please ! 
why did the cheeseburger fight the veggie burger ? it had beef . 
what are green and smell like pork ? kermit's fingers 
why was the shirt smelly ? because it was a heavy sweater ! 
who needs drugs or alcohol when you've got a carbon monoxide leak ? 
what do we want low flying airplane noises when do we want them nnnneeooow 
i bet white supremacists just get off on the charcoal briquettes turning white . 
i never know how much to tip a cow . 
i've always had a problem finishing what i've started ... 
imagine being so rich you could afford the other monocle . 
beards are a privilege , not a right 
i wonder what twitter employees do at work to waste time 
do girls in asia get tattoos in english on their backs ? 
two shoes met and . . they had a converse - ation . 
trump winning the election i did nazi that coming 
dude are you biting your nails i thought you were vegan 
treating testicular cancer . . takes balls . 
what is a condom with a hole ? kinder surprise 
i asked my grandma to get naked . it's my favourite juice drink . 
hipster fire department unable to make building cool . 
i genuinely don't remember making you all this stupid . 
how does bono spell color ? with or without " u " 
why are prison escapees so frustrating ? because they never finish their s 
waana hear a joke ? women's rights . 
are those against upgrading to osx yosemite ... anti - yosemites ? 
do you want to examine a whole colon ? 
my wife gives incredible head aches ... 
where would you take a ghost for lunch ? pizza haunt ! 
what is hitler's favorite thing to eat ? not seafood . 
nothing's ever right by mona lott 
what do you call the girls who outrun me ? virgins . 
* peeks under bathroom stall * how's the wifi signal in there ? 
apparently , occupants aren't 8 legged pants for octopi 
how do zombies celebrate halloween ? they paint the town dead ! 
what kind of thief steals meat ? a hamburglar . 
mechanical engineers they're not rocket scientists but they are sprocket scientists . 
smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics . 
50 cent filed for bankruptcy ... that makes no cents . 
a new , funny , original joke that isn't a repost . 
why was the nose running ? cuz it's a running nose 
* skynet becomes self aware * * starts a blog * 
man bun ? or douche knot ? neither , it's a fairy tail . 
an arab walks in to a bar no one survived the explosion . 
idea : suicide note mad libs " sad libs " 
i'd say my girlfriend is a five . if you count the thumb . 
while the worker was talking about computer parts he made my motherboard 
today i accidentally hit on the mirror it cracked me up 
what'd the farmer say when he lost his tractor ? where's my tractor ? 
which meatballs get a little tipsy on occasion ? the potted ones ! 
for a gentleman , shakespeare really knew how to spread those thy's . 
" i'm not even that high . " - me talking to the microwave 
no , no , no . i said i was a peephole person . 
i own the erasers for all the miniature golf pencils . 
i got stuck in a blender . pour me ... 
how do mathematicians become engineers ? you just gotta apply yourself . 
i don't think you act stupid , i'm sure it's the real thing . 
why can't i find out anything about this superb owl superbowl 
no one has 99 problems . that's so many problems . 
when we draw birds we basically just draw flying mustaches . 
" sookie ! " - 70 of true blood dialogue 
i met my wife online . it was love at first site . 
why was the snow yellow ? elsa let it go ! 
spoiler alert : unrefrigerated milk goes bad quickly . 
where do you buy clothes for baby owls ? the outlet 
what do corals get stressed about ? current events . 
whats the highest grade you can get in the trap ? b's 
tomorrow is national microphone day ... check 12 12 12 
snake charmer struggling to get snake to stand up i swear this never happens 
some people like those european youngsters ... but i prefer the euthanasia 
what's the difference between amnesia and alzheimers ? i can't remember . 
probably the worst rule ever is ja . 
why did the trix bunny hand out eggs ? chicks are for kids ! 
why did the man's kidneys fail ? they didn't study . 
what do you call an italian that has taken viagra ? al dente 
who called it your 4th stepfather instead of mom beau number 5 
man sticks finger into electrical socket ... what happens next will shock you . 
1 direction . more like 0 . 8 direction . 
i ate some fireflies for supper today . i'm trying to eat light . 
the government . unfortunately , wherever you're from , they are a joke . 
anyone wanna road trip to tennessee ? i hear gatlinburg is pretty lit 
i'm currently boycotting any company that sells items i can't afford . 
how do you eat soup with chop sticks ? slowly . 
how much did the critic tip the waiter ? two cents 
second best gaming joke ever ... buy the dlc to find out ... 
ur only a true 2012s kid if u remember kony 
man walks into a rod he doesn't understand comedy 
i'm gaining weight for my role as " before picture " 
how does a crackhead order their whiskey ? on the rocks 
what is a proletariat cannibal's favorite food ? a double cheese bourger . 
dirty skanks are not prime mates 
i don't trust atoms ... i heard they make up everything 
osama bon jovi 
born to be mild . 
jon snow must be a redditor he knows kn0thing . 
dry erase boards are remarkable ! 
vodka mixes well with everything , except decisions . 
nothing is more dangerous than a woman " gathering her thoughts " . 
how do you become a hobbit ? eat , shrink and be merry ! 
i see that your iq test came back negative . 
what do we say to the god of procrastination ? not today . 
" real men like a woman with curves " - fat chicks 
drew barrymore now i just need to colour him in 
what does a christian terrorist say before blowing up ? jesus hallelujah 
why did snoop dogg go to germany ? for schnitzel . 
i'm about as jealous as a cancer patient watching x - men right now 
how do people at rodeos heckle the riders ? moooo ! 
why people don't use yolo anymore ? because they lived once 
what do you call a roman with pubic hair in his teeth ? gladiator 
what's jerry lewis's favorite vitamin ? riboflavin 
how do you make a bunch of redditors mad ? deleted 
parents are like future electric cars they can go for years without recharging 
what is your favorite joke that's so bad it has become funny again ? 
what takes up 12 parking spaces ? six women drivers . 
anybody have plans to stare at their phone someplace exciting this weekend ? 
what is something that is brown and sticky ? a stick . 
after working for 24 hours straight ... i called it a day . 
death . resurrection . saviour . i believe in robocop . 
in space , no one can hear your spouse chew . 
the egyptian man became a bone doctor ... they called him a cairopractor 
all my potato stored ... in r latviapotatostore . 
the boy and the priest . a touching story . 
what do marylanders call their ex - girlfriends ? old bay . 
wake me up before you yolo . ruinan80ssong 
some family is never more than just blood . 
college is just a clever marketing ploy by starbucks and red bull 
in soviet russia , crimea river . 
piss me off and i'll put you on my kid's school fundraiser mailing lists 
* makes snow angel motions in bed every morning tryna find phone * 
what's canada's spy agency ? the ci , eh ? 
three nazi's walk into a b . a . r . ... 
the band 1024 megabytes is coming to town . it's their first gig . 
when does feminism stop ? when the car breaks down . 
soft on wall street . hard on sesame street . romney 2012 . 
knock knock new fone who dis 
just donated blood . i hope whoever gets it likes wine . 
is my corny pun ... a - maize - zing ? 
british people are always recording their finances because the camera adds ten pounds . 
growing a beard is the closest i've come to caring for an animal . 
someone stole my coffee . he was charged with mugging . 
cake : the answer , no matter the question . 
so a magician turns into a parking lot 
why was hitler such a bad painter he could only paint reichtangles 
don't confuse a morning person with a middle aged bladder person . 
a kid looks up from his phone ... ... . 
what did the ceo of reddit say to its users edit nothing 
happy independence day ! oh wait ... 
it's scary to think that people like you are graduating from college . 
why was hitler's suicide such a suprise ? because we did nazi it coming 
star trek joke when the shields are down ... klingon . 
i consider myself to be a bodybuilder granted nobody else does but i do 
why do tornadoes move so erratically ? - they are dizzy 
who do blind kids boo at wrestling events ? john cena . 
why are rabbits like calculators ? they both multiply a lot . 
islam gives women equal rights ! 
what's the quietest album in the world ? stephen hawking - unplugged 
what goes round the middle of the internet ? the e - quator . 
practicing karate in my driveway to strike fear into potential burglars . 
i just came across a group of elderly fish ... old school . 
who does hitler call when his dog is sick ? a veteran aryan 
" damn girl are you ? " - existentialist pick - up line 
what is a computer programmer's favorite moon ? io 
i'm starting to regret my " 2015 forever " tattoo . 
what will be after homo sapiens in evolution ? homo genius . 
if mcdonald's was smart they'd serve breakfast until 2pm on the weekends . 
why did the nose run ? it did snot want to be late 
tim howard has been america's best goalkeeper since sylvester stallone in 1945 . 
what kind of lizard goes into salad ? a salad - mander ! hahahahahahhahahahahhahaahahahahahilarious 
hey , have you heard this new joke ? you just reddit . 
what military branch has the largest biceps ? the army . 
what is common between 5 and 7 ? brendan sullivan 
why did the drunkard ride the escalator to lift his spirits 
yo mama head so big it shows up on radar . 
i'll tell you what is bordering on the ridiculous ... canada . 
remember when phones were fat and people were thin 
i used to make arrow in the knee jokes ... ... 
why couldn't the tree solve the lumberjack's riddle ? he was stumped . 
i child proofed my entire house ... and they still got in 
dear god , thank you for not giving spiders wings . 
how did columbus's men sleep on their ships ? with their eyes shut ! 
its funny how chocolate can make your clothes shrink 
boarding from what gate ? 
american top gear 
entire joke within made you look . 
tesla motors started a brand of cologne . they call it elon musk . 
what kind of environment do hobbits live in ? a hobbitat 
the packers or the colts . take your pick 
tried to make a stew and accidentally summoned a demon again . 
johnny bravo would be so perfect for jersey shore . 
someone call a knight in shining armor ... cuz today's a draggin . 
i will be the first president who is openly mentally ill 
rhetorical is still a word , right ? 
you know what's pretty much the same as 9 11 ? 0 . 81818 
whats the difference between roast beef and pea soup ? everyone can roast beef 
be nice to kids . seriously , they have guns now . 
" moooooooo " - bilingual donkey 
where on linkedin do i add my current gang memberships 
atheists are popeless romantics . 
what do people in the hood enjoy eating ? spaghetto 
i am woman hear me roaaaoh is that chocolate ? 
what came in the mail today ? anthrax . 
white ppl be like " what's the return policy on this umbrella ? " 
don't tell my girlfriend but i'm the one who's been eating the soap 
8 out of 6 people think i'm terrible at math . 
have you heard about one direction ? it looks they took different directions 
the hipster aesthetic is the best thing to ever happen to ugly people . 
the true secret of ignorance ... ... you're looking in the wrong place . 
what does melania see in donald trump ? 10 billion dollars and high cholesterol 
women are like potato chips ... they better come with my sandwich . 
why shouldn't you buy ukrainian underpants ? cos chernobyl fall out 
anything can be considered your job if you hate it enough . 
using a hot dog bun as a wallet 
what should female robots not come standard with . a sound card ... 
no pain no gain but also no pain no pain . 
is it just a coincidence that you turn purple when you choke ? skol 
i understand feminism my wife gets to decide what she cooks for me ! 
he drove his car into a tree and found out how the mercedes bends 
i hate windows embedded systems so much ... they make me wince 
how do people with acid reflux complain ? errr mer gerd 
my father owned a body removal business he lifted a lot of dead weight 
how does furious 7 end ? paul walker dies . 
amy schumer has died in a gravy flood she got her ears pierced . 
* hires skywriter * you can't block me 
my friend was quite a colorful character ... his name was hugh 
everybody is somebody else's weirdo . 
chuck norris can watch an episode of 60 minutes in 39 seconds . 
" are you from cincinnati ? " " no . bosboston . " 
who doesn't like to sit in front of the fire ? a snowman . 
and tonights weather : dark . 
i just call everyone viewers ... ... so i won't mistake their gender . 
who is jason waterfalls ? and why don't they want him to go ? 
i'm not arguing . i'm simply explaining why i'm right . - women 
why does the snoop dog bring an umbrella ? for the drizzle 
one time i exaggerated so hard that i died . 
watts a homonym ? 
where do you find an old onion article ? in thier archives . 
what do dogs have that no other animal has ? puppy dogs ! 
cocaine jokes cracks me up all the time 
my friends said i looked kinda like hitler from the side i'm laterally hitler 
you know what my favorite type of cupholder is ? a bra . 
what do somolian pirates use as weapons ? arrrrpg's 
i'm not religious until you need help moving on a sunday . 
where are all the people that just have one sclerosis ? 
why didint stalin like his new iphone ? it had a 5 year plan 
a man who is infatuated with soil ... has a dirty fetish . 
if 2 vegetarians argue ... ... do they have beef ? 
what sound does a fratboy make when he hits the water ? douche 
my internet went on a date today he's going after that gache 
mmmmm white people - sharks 
what is today's special at google's employee cafeteria ? alphabet soup . 
wow if you dont pronounce testicles like its the name of a greek warrior 
tim's father has three sons : snap , crackle , and ... ? tim 
see above is an understatement . 
attention fat vegans : explain . 
why should you never date an atom ? the split is gonna be explosive 
sorry i ate that banana so slowly at your grandpa's funeral . 
where's the red light district in toronto ? behind the maple leafs net . 
i smiled today . i'm going to be so sore tomorrow ! 
where do rabbits settle their legal disputes ? in a pellet court ! 
they've been together for 28 years ! deez nuts 
what just cracked ? a guide to aging . 
why is the moon like a dollar ? it has four quarters . 
how does the train eats ? chew cheww 
i love corn ! it's a food that always amaizes me . 
i don't like abbreviations . i'm a real abbreviations national socialist . 
don't let an extra chromosome let you down ! 
what has trump and brexit got in common no plan 
what is aloe blacc's real name ? bye bye white 
yo mamma is so ugly ... i don't understand your oedipus complex . 
true friendship : walking into a persons house and your wifi connects automatically . 
today in band we played a japenese piece ... i bombed it . 
you think your wife is crazy now ? try divorcing her 
where do homeless people read about their friends deaths ? in the hobobituaries 
is it ironic that the definition of female ... isn't broad ? 
america healthcare system 
push - up men's underwear . taking complexes to a whole new level . 
what did the cat cough up when it was sick ? meowcus 
my tablet burned me today after i installed tinder on my kindle fire . 
what kind of floor do dinosaurs bathrooms have ? rep - tiles . 
what do you usually find with four catholics ? a fifth . 
pregnant - beyonce pregnant with twins - beytwice 
why is unidan's current account called unidanx ? it's his tenth alt account . 
the worst would you rather ... this election . 
i caught myself whistling the unsolved mysteries theme while hiding a body . 
what sock do you put on last ? the one that's left . 
foreigner ? why not fist her ? badoom tsssssst ! say it out loud 
who pushed the neonate out an endometrium ? your mom . 
who lost the american presidential debate ? america . 
whoops i accidentally spilled a whole pizza in my mouth 
what kind of shoes to frogs like ? open toad sandals ! 
decided to watch the lunar eclipse tonight ... couldn't see the moon 
it's ok to pet him . buffalo are gentle creatures . 
what's so cool about taking a picture of a bathroom mirror ? 
jack and coke don't go together because jack is a recovering addict . 
i just walked through a spiderweb and invented the next macarena . 
yo mamma so fat collection ... 
want to know a harry potter riddle ? tom marvolo 
if you need help staying awake , subtract sheep in your head . 
matter is the real mvp m v * p 
who was mr rogers weight lifting coach ? arnold schwarzeneighbor oc 
just saw jennifer aniston on the cover of " magazine cover " magazine . 
you ran a half - marathon ? wow ! half congratulations ! 
why do elephants prefer cars instead of motorcycles ? motorcycles don't have trunks 
has the supreme court decided on man v . food yet ? 
too much protein ? no whey mate 
did you hear about the spanish fire brigade jose and hose b 
why couldn't the duck stop smoking ? because he was a quack addict 
million dollar idea : dating website for leopards called connect the dots 
how do you get an indian girl pregnant ? poppadom . 
are kids that are born in a whorehouse called brothel sprouts ? 
i thought you'd be flattered that my dog found your leg so attractive . 
how do punctuation marks get freaky ? the comma sutra 
my home phone rang . weird . 
which band is difficult to dance to ? the beatless 
how do you tell a chemist no ? nitrogen monoxide 
" your breathing holes are very nicely shaped " flirting is so easy 
duct tape can't fix stupidity , but it can muffle it . 
logarithms ... are musical , because they're all about that base . 
the panic begins with the first one to say calm down ! 
i want an ocean of orange soda it's a fanta sea of mine 
i've never tried frosted flakes cereal but i've heard great things about it . 
google . filling the gaps in public education . 
why should you date a greek woman ? they don't like pulling out . 
have you ever tried eating a clock . nobody has time for that . 
i'm the kind of guy who brings his phone charger to the party . 
the ss officer went blind ... when he did not - see things . 
i hope death is my father ... because he'll never get me . 
my jokes are like my women . . i don't have any 
what do mathematicians drink ? anything to ease the pain . 
hey girl , do you like trucks ? cause i got a semi . 
today i found ought i was adopted ... but they gave me back . 
if i was an operating system , your process would have top priority . 
how does a sailor suit ? with a bowtie ! 
what is punctuation's favorite curry ? l amp a 
those islamic's coming to america ? hostages . 
a man walks into r news lt removed gt 
180 degree celsius pi radian celsius 
whats the worst part about being a news reporter ? the shootings 
stop ! hammered time . 
whom hath released the hounds ? whom ? whom ? whom ? whom ? 
why does yoda like sheep ? because dey go baa ... 
what's a call of duty player's favorite social media website ? fazebook 
what does velcro yell as it charges into battle ? attach ! 
what is the most overused force in science ? van der waals . 
i have a joke about ikea but i can't put it together 
why does james brown like south korea ? because its got seoul . 
looking forward by felix ited 
what are kierkegaard's two favourite fruits ? melon and broccoli ! 
what do you call an indecisive german shepard k nein 
scientology : the study of scientol . 
reposted joke same punchline as the one before 
what's the pound's new name ? the ounce 
what's tarzan's favourite christmas song ? jungle bells . 
where do crows hang out on friday night ? the crow bar . 
what doesn't kill me makes me smaller - mario 
shut up , you'll never be the man your mother is . 
smoking is a slow death ! but we're not in a hurry ... 
" good for you " was said unsarcastically only that first time . 
you know how i know you're stupid ? you clicked on this link ! 
environmentally speaking you really should reuse plastic bag's to suffocate your children 
oh , non - habit forming ? no thanks . 
yo momma's so stupid she failed a pregnancy test 
what do russians use to censor websites ? the inter - nyet . 
princess dianna had dandruff they found her head and shoulders in the glovebox . 
my boss treated me like a missile fire and forget 
can you cover for me i missed my shift . 
i just started a business operating charter flights business is really taking off 
what did the dna say to the rna ? uracil - y structure ! 
this could be the beginning of a beautiful restraining order . 
my legal team is advising me to get jiggy with it . 
what is an actor ? a man who tries to be everything but himself 
how do you make stupid people click links ? ... 
scary halloween costume idea : eye contact 
i'm going to go out on a limb here and fall off obviously . 
saudi arabia's justice system is completely different from isis ... . just kidding . 
" superman's dad " is the last stop for an actor . 
what else happens when donald trump takes viagra ? his hands get bigger . 
i use to have crabs ... until the bigger bugs ate them . 
jesus must've had a fortune if he paid for all my sins 
i just read john f kennedy's biography the end was mind blowing 
did you hear about the deaf gynecologist ? he reads lips : 
dallas police is hiring as of friday morning they have 5 positions to fill 
" i love plates . " - plato 
so this limbo champion walks into a bar ... and was immediately disqualified . 
what do you call a carpenter who needs fewer nails ? jesus 
what does a native american biologist live in ? atp 
do you before read your tweets even sending them ? 
what happens to someone who gets attacked by bees ? they get bee'd up 
sasquatch is just a regular quatch who tells it like it is . 
where does king kong sleep ? anywhere he wants to . 
beyonce should have her own trampoline company . 
what's the preferred beer of dogme 95 ? natural light . 
what kind of ants are very learned ? pedants ! 
today i learned ... . jumble boogie browrearrr browrearrr 
what's snoop dogg's favorite time of day ? tree o'cl ock ! 
why is antarctica controversial ? it's a polarizing topic . 
npr recently started a heavy metal band . all things dismembered 
why did they bury the fireman beneath the hill ? because he was dead 
if you lost my trust , don't expect that sh * t back . 
what do you call tums in suppository form ? bums 
i feel so miserable without you , it's almost like having you here . 
life is like chess ... we can't all be white . 
don't ever compete against heinz ... you're always going to play catch up . 
" i am john lennon " - the walrus 
beyonce's hair is always blowing because she has so many fans 
so i was on r news the other day ... removed 
already regret the text i'm about to send 
blood moon , shooting stars ... . i gotta move to a safer galaxy 
why is impersonating john cena illegal in mexico ? because there's only juan cena 
sometimes i break into hives . but only because i hate bees . 
if you want to surrender , what do you do ? become french 
my wife wanted half amp half ... i got her whole milk 
i wrote a play on my computer it's a play on word 
what's darth vader's corrupt brother's name ? taxi vader 
warning : objects in profile pics are not as pretty as they appear . 
what do you call it when a jamaican kid's getting roasted bwoi - opsy 
aka what's another word for italian cologne ? garlic 
what climate scientist does disney follow on twitter ? the rogue one 
what's less funny than r funny ? r jokes 
why aren't " blonde jokes " funny ? cause they're stupid . 
what do the canadian illuminati call themselves ? the illuminat - eh ! 
do you like snow ? yes or snow 
all men are idiots ... and i married their king . 
* sees lawn gnome cartwheel into room * * calls to renew prescription * 
what's shaking ? not ali ... . 
how bad is it to poop your pants ? it depends 
what makes a great pizza joke ? it's all in the delivery . 
if homework goes too easy you are doing it wrong . 
how to you read a book ? just reddit . 
i think women are fantastic every man should own several ! 
what's rickon starks favourite band ? one direction 
community college 
what do you call a quote with inhuman like abilities ? a super saying 
why should you never give elsa a balloon ? she'll let it go ! 
pretty good one liner ___________ . 
every dessert is guilt - free if you're a sociopath 
" what's math ? " - people who give 110 
is your girlfriend wife material ? i'm building a giant wife . 
i guess if i had laser hairs , i'd want them removed too . 
do you know what evil kisses sound like ? muah hahaha 
the name of a cow trying to be a knight ... sir loin . 
doctor's office roses are red violets are blue i have an uncomfortable bladder issue 
double standards are the worst . i mean , one flag is enough . 
don't date a left handed girl ... righty tighty lefty loosey 
man i'd like some cocaine please . drug dealer is pepsicaine ok ? 
why does everybody love honey ? because it never gets old . 
it's a beautiful day to sit outside and stare into your phone . 
why couldn't the lizard have any children ? it had a reptile dysfunction ! 
what do you call a dead australian wrestler ? stone cold steve irwin 
keep dimming automatically , laptop screen . we love that . 
rt if your good at grammar . 
apple farmers who are too scared to diversify should just grow a pear . 
what do you call a construction truck wearing a toupee ? a dump trump 
haven't been sleeping well , which is ridiculous cuz i have decades of experience 
blm is like frosting gotta beat some whites to stay real 
my boyfriend said we can't hang out this weekend because he doesn't exist . 
the fbi , cia , lapd , and some rabbits 
every website requiring subscription would like to wish you a happy birthday today ! 
grandma's not dead ... ... she just stored in the cloud now . 
i want to be objectified but only by very specific people 
the snake handler the snake handler suffered from a reptile dysfinction 
what is the driest soda you can buy ? baking soda . 
god loves me even when i don't forward those chain letters 
how did al gore invent the internet ? with al - gore - rithims 
i don't come into your bathroom and tell you how to tweet . 
my extra sensitive toothpaste doesn't like it when i use other toothpastes . 
what would you call a social media marketing genius ? masterbaiter 
ayy girl , are you ohio ? because we should be dayton . 
let's name our sandwich shop after smelly trains . 
what has webbed feet and fangs ? count quackula . 
what do vegan cannibals eat ? only vegetables . 
early christians supported marijuana usage . just think about how many get stoned . 
test post pls ignore ! april fools . 
a female plumber ? yeah , i'd tap that . 
i just blew off some steam and it wouldn't even kiss me afterward . 
don't post negative things here electrons 
why do urologists like utis ? it means urine business . 
jurisprudence fetishist gets off on appeal 
what is yellow and red ? that is * the * ultimate question . 
people keep mistaking my " wow " s for compliments . 
why would 12 : 00 make the best cop ? " hands up " 
if you dont sin , jesus died for nothing ! 
what do dumbfounded people eat for desert ? geezcake 
can i trade this job for what's behind door number 1 ? 
i want to make an iphone 5 joke but its too long 
first post this is not my first post 
what is the biggest gender on tumblr ? whale - kin 
what did the mathematician say while golfing ? 2 squared ! 
if there's one thing i'm better at than everyone else ... it's humility . 
bernie sanders won another state last night ! the state of denial 
* opens new donut shop called " the gym " * you're welcome . 
why do trees die ? they become board . 
a friend of mine just became a geologist apparently it's a rocky degree 
who do you call a really thin dinosaur ? tyranosaurus annorex 
thanks for never punching me in the face , most people . 
i think all crime scenes should be photographed on instagram . 
why was william considered a enemy ? because , his last name was dafoe 
" i'm gonna cramp your style . " - menstruation 
what does a confused student at hogwarts study ? which craft ? 
what kind of bagel did the camper eat ? a winnebago . 
what do you call a musician who breaks up with his girlfriend ? homeless 
this o is out of cntext . 
what does michael vick do in a plane ? have a dog fight . 
the gop debate 
what is swiper the fox's favorite app ? tinder 
why did hitler fail math ? he couldn't reach the final solution . 
you know who could really get a party started ? lenin . 
harambe jokes ... can we kill them too ? 
what did the debater say after getting stabbed during an argument ? good point 
what's the leading cause of death among wizards ? staff infection 
starting to believe that your family tree must've been cactus . 
i got ebola : d ebola icecream ! 
the hyundai elantra is sonata sonata so not a sonata 
fog is like lingerie for the sky . 
when the cat's away ... . . ? the house smells better ! 
egg puns pls thought this was an eggcellent idea ... 
how to always be positive in life : life 
a cheese factory in france exploded . all that was left was debris . 
the comments are funnier than the jokes ... ... 
erectile dysfunction is hard to live with 
ladies , love yourself first or nobody will malehonesty86 
what room zombies and vampires can't enter ? the living room . 
if you're going through hell , keep going . 
nike actually called me and asked me to stop doing it . 
what is the most simplistic way to get downvoted ? gt simplistic 10 letters 
what is the most common comment on reddit ? ops mother . 
what did the indian boy say to his mom before he left ? mumbai 
i'm probably not going to get accepted into the optimist club . 
god plays golf 
what kind of melons always have big weddings ? cantaloupe . 
baby's first cigarette ! 
you wanna read a joke ? my internet points 
what happens when an egg laughs ? he cracks up 
mantra at the gym : when the zombies come , cardio will matter . 
my years in a lunatic asylum by i . m . nutty 
to whom do fish go to borrow money ? the loan shark ! 
i think my virginity has grown back . 
what's green lives three feet under ground and eats rocks a green rock eater 
who has two thumbs and wears a mask ? disguise ! 
dont google horses wearing jeans unless you have a good 12hrs to spare 
what did the necrophiliacs girlfriend say before going bowling ? 
the refrigerator is a clear example that what matters is whats inside 
people don't really care who you are until you lick their face 
the only thing worse than friday the 13th , is monday the 13th 
i love u it's my favourite vowel 
i don't own a turntable , for the record . 
i was fired from ford today i kept losing focus 
who supports romney bernie madoff 
what's the singular form of werewolves ? i am a wolf 
how many geese does it take to form a gaggle ... 5 or more 
two terrorists walk into a bar bartender says " what can i ge " 
i don't believe in horoscopes i'm leo , we're skeptical . 
the german radiologist always saw the wurst in people . 
how do subscribers of r jokes like their ribs ? tickled . 
hug ? said the bunny to the oncoming lawnmower 
if there weren't any democrats ... then who would be left ? 
remember swine flu ? ? ? retweet if you're a true 2009 kid 
the real reason bin laden was buried at sea : maggots have standards . 
why was the moth so unpopular ? he kept picking holes in everything ! 
they could of at least added a middle finger emoji on ios7 . 
our kitchen is starting to look like a middle school science fair 
why don't they tell jokes in base 8 ? because seven ten eleven ! 
i don't post for the karma . 
what's a ghost's favorite search engine ? ghoulgle 
if meat is murder ... ... then is cake battery ? 
be a part of history ! die in a catastrophic natural disaster . 
whenever i'm not feeling well , i just imagine tyrannosaurus rex masturbating . 
hot local singles in your area want your credit card number . 
i'm at my most alzheimer's when billy is that you ? 
i was baptized in a car wash 
what did the turkeys sing on thanksgiving day ? god save the kin . 
a random stranger laughed at how i was lactose intolerant how dairy 
can we just make serving unsalted french fries a federal offense ? 
this morning i jogged for 30 swear words . 
90s kids won't get this . . social security benefits . . 
i like that linkin park song where the guy suddenly screams . 
what was hitler's favorite way to tie his boots ? in nazi's ! 
" ummm can you not ? " - white girl getting tortured 
never commit a crime while working out lest you get ill gotten gainz . 
why is statistics never anyone's favorite subject ? it's just average . 
what's a mohel's favorite drink ? bloody d 
barenkatapult ! 
where will the womens world cup final be held ? kitchen stadium 
i get ignored so much that people call me terms and conditions 
afraid alone in my room and and thinking someone is also there lol . 
what's al gore's dancer name ? algorithm . 
if you arrive fashionably late in crocs ... you're just late . 
how did the baker put his opponent in checkmate ? with an en croissant 
i've had so much to drink that you're beginning to look good . 
she blinded me with science ! specifically , a botched lasik surgery . 
watch out for the bandit stealing and shredding newspapers . it's breaking news . 
anyone here know of gaddafi ? probably not . he's pretty underground . 
guys i guess october is ... octover 
can antelopes get married ? no , they cantaloupe . 
people keep asking what i thought of my oklahoma trip it was ok 
where do americans buy their groceries in afghanistan ? at the infideli counter . 
what's your ringtone ? that's nice , mine's a light shade of brown . 
laughter is not the best medicine . please take your medicine . 
very little scares me . so does very big . 
who comes in the fog ? seamen . 
two hispanic men are playing basketball . it's juan on juan . 
who robs banks and squirts ink ? billy the squid . 
what's the worst thing that could happen to an r joke subscriber ? faint 
what pokemon gave nintendo cancer ? pokemon uranium 
wear a condom ... i kid you not 
what floats on water and goes quick ? a south african duck 
how would you describe killing an eagle ? ill - eagle 
i think i could get behind trump ... s wife . 
i love the new sound reddit makes when you upvote a post 
let's emotionally damage each other and call it love . 
kid's choice awards are a great reminder why children aren't allowed to vote . 
wipes brow " finally finished youtube . " 
what was jesus's favorite band ? nine inch nails . 
my friends most commonly describe me as " who ? " 
where do all them scrub gamers live ? pleblos 
when i'm feeling athletic , i go to a sports bar 
if seal is broken , please notify zookeeper immediately 
dating tip : find a guy with a compatible charger . 
" hello ! thanks for calling the urology department . " please hold 
how to look at life positively life 
i like two kinds of men : domestic and imported . 
what is jeffery dahmer's favorite candy ? mentos . 
two young hot girls in bed . k 
i once saw harry potter fall down a hill jk , he was rowling 
what does santa call the elf police ? the po po po . 
i really like the manhattan project it's the bomb . 
i'm always there for my friends when i need them . 
any room is a panic room if you've lost your phone in it . 
women are like voltron ... the more you hook up the better it is 
huehuehue saturationsaturationsaturation 
if it wasn't for carpal tunnel i wouldn't know when to stop masturbating . 
" mainstream " " white people found out " 
how do you make a gorilla laugh ? tell it an elephant joke ! 
i like my children how i like my essays . unplanned and poorly executed 
what rating do pirate movies always get ? pg - 13 
i'm 70 water and 40 bad at math . 
i want to get stoned like i cheated on my iranian husband . 
the statue of liberty's torch sure is good at surviving apocalypses . 
my girlfriend doesn't believe in abstinence . thank god . 
what programming language do they use in star wars ? jawascript 
if the shoe fits ... congratulations . you've correctly measured your feet . 
* unplugs your smart car to charge phone 
i really lack the words to compliment myself today . 
til you can't have a crusade without ... usa 
what do you think of dracula films ? fangtastic ! 
i've been single so long i deserve a bachelors degree 
how loud can you talk ? - alcohol 
i hate bikes that carry two people . i can't tandem . 
yo mama so ugly she turned medusa to stone ! 
does your train of thought have a caboose ? 
diarrhea is the 2 cause of death in the u . s . 
what do you call a woman who throws letters in the fire ? bernadette 
what should you do before cooking the vegetables ? remove the wheelchair 
shout out to all hoarders , sleeping on piles of cats and whatnot . 
apple should make a sarcasm font and call it the iroll . 
what do you call a well - written short story ? articulette 
what movie was made when hannibal lecter got paralysed ? silence of the limbs 
puts hand on wife's stomach as baby kicks come out here try that . 
some acids walked into the enemy base ... threat neutralized . 
my ex's taught me that not every i love you is real . 
switzerland is a pretty sweet country ... and their flag's a big plus . 
i would submit a chemistry joke but all the chemistry jokes argon 
hi there , i'm a human being ! what are you ? 
if i ever have a baby , i hope it's a puppy . 
it's impossible for two dudes to ride one motorcycle without it looking romantic ... 
did you know the pope really loves cats ? he's a real catholic . 
mayweather gets in a street fight ... wins by decision 
what does soylent green taste like ? it varies from person to person . 
shockingly pitbull's first name isn't feat . 
what do you call movie night at bill cosby's house ? netflix and pill 
my gps thinks we should see other drivers . 
how do you hear a hormone ? pay 100 for 30 minutes 
before you abduct someone do you have to fill in a chloroform ? 
let's make a collection of shock humour disgusting jokes 
when did sean connery get to wimbledon ? tennish . 
i'll race you to the bedroom , winner gets to pick the hole . 
accounting joke : what do you call inventory that doesn't exist ? finnish goods 
atms should have breathalyzers 
san andreas is just like godzilla only godzilla is invisible 
" i'm really good in bed " - ice cream 
how do you make an ethiopian grow ? just add water . 
only thing keeping me from being stripper is about 60 pounds 
what did the abused wife say about her husband ? beats me . 
wait a second ... water parks have restrooms ... for what ? ! 
why don't white girls like trigonometry ? because secant even . 
i thought about going into investment banking then i lost interest . 
why are the old trees always yelling ? they were all petrified . 
what do you call a country where everyone is pissed ? a urination . 
long arm of the law will have different meaning when trump becomes president 
words short and lame prepositions are words to not end sentences with . 
yo mama so fat she's gotta wake up in sections 
what do logicians use to shave ? occam's razor 
a man returns to his chiropractor " back again ? " 
what is the saddest olympic sport to watch ? water polio 
what do you call a poor pepper farmer ? a jalapeno pauper 
what are a terrestrial planet's favorite genres of music ? rock and heavy metal 
how many calories does hating your job burn 
do you like web jokes ? yes - they're e - larious ! 
why was red sad ? because he was feeling blue 
i'm a ginja . what is that you might say ? a ginger ninja 
tried to cover miles davis but failed miserably ... i kind of blue it 
what does the pillsbury doughboy see when he looks down ? his doughnuts . 
seems like pizza hut should be able to afford a house by now . 
what's the deal with hairline food i mean sheariously 
mary faked a smile when she opened the frankincense and myrrh . 
what do female ghosts have ? boooooooobs . 
she was only a whiskey maker ... ... but he loved her still . 
what languages do pigs speak porktuguese 
what do toilets yell when they ride roller coasters ? weeeeeeeee ! ! ! 
i can't wait till they invent the non automatic paper towel dispenser . 
saturday night , time to get crazy ! * shuffles uno cards * 
never seek the dead for guidance . they give really cryptic advice ... 
someone told me it was as easy as pie it never ended 
i'm not totally useless ... i can be used as a bad example . 
i've just come back from the beauty parlour . pity it was closed ! 
what are swearing outdoor grills powered with ? profane tanks . 
what does han solo see looking into the mirror ? han double 
i like how babies always look drunk . even after only one beer . 
what's your favorite city in thailand ? phuket , i don't know ... 
two words that would mean the end of twitter - miley bieber . 
remember when everyone died before gluten - free bread ? 
how do you make any woman wet ? liquor 
how do mob boss mules open doors ? with don - keys . 
what did the clock do when it was hungry ? went back 4 seconds 
heck a place reserved for those who don't believe in gosh . 
i tried suing amtrak for misplacing my luggage . i lost my case . 
rt this if you like to repeat what other people say 
twitter should give you rollover characters from your short tweets . 
adolf hitler wasn't so bad ... i mean he did kill hitler . 
any dog can be a guide dog if you don't care where you're going 
why did walt and skyler get divorced ? there was no chemistry . 
that grizzly killed the man with its bear hands 
why did steve fall off the swing ? because he was a potato ! 
my lucks so bad if i bought a cemetery people would stop dying . 
til thesaurus is not a dinosaur 
your momma is so mean ... she has no standard deviation . 
you know what i like better than a good non - sequitur ? . 
you all hate smokers until you need to light a birthday cake ... 
r news that about covers it 
a candle is my girlfriend ... she is very hot 
i get grumpy when i run out of dopey . 
from the first bite you can tell celery doesn't want to be eaten 
i asked the nazi store for a discount they gave me 8 off . 
i saw a homeless man i know on a bicycle guess he's mobile homeless 
* aggressively skips to my lou * 
is your gps supposed to sigh before it says " recalculating " ? 
what was the christian plastic surgeons specialty ? faith lifts 
there was an accident involving 2 cars in mexico 17 people were injured . 
did you hear about the irish firing squad ? they formed a circle . 
why didn't the spaceship take off ? becuase it was astronauty 
imagined beyonce taking a dump and it ruined my morning 
why can't buddhists vacuum in corners ? because they don't have attachments ! 
what's a north korean farmer's favorite time of year ? breakfast . 
goals : 0 start indexing at zero 
a woman grows a plant in a blossoming business as a ceo . 
listening to music can be dangerous ... some of the notes are sharp . 
what if the weather talks about us ? 
what's all white and can't fly ? harrison ford 
why does the blood bank never make mistakes ? because they're typo negative 
what happens when you retweet a compliment about how humble you are ? 
does a bear pope in the woods ? 
if apple makes a car , there won't be any windows in it . 
there are 30 cows . 28 chickens . how many didn't ? 10 
warning : objects in your rear may feel larger than they they appear . 
what to you call epileptic lettuce ? seizure salad . 
what do you call a nice guy with hemorrhoids ? a stand up guy 
a g n b that's bang out of order . 
what happens when you give a cow a joint ? the steaks are high 
what does the sun skate on ? solarblades 
what does the devil say to hell rejects ? why don't you fork off 
why do bad break - dancers get reduced prison sentences ? time served 
what did the blonde say when she saw cheerios ? donut seeds . 
" change is never easy ... " mcdonalds employees 
i never realized how many people i hated until i got a facebook 
how can you avoid clickbait ? not like this . 
statistics show . . that 9 out of 10 people enjoy gangbangs . 
what was the islamic star wars fan for halloween ? hijabba the hut 
don't leave me alone . alone : i have a boyfriend . 
yo mama so fat when she bungee jumps she brings down the bridge too 
i'd slap you but i'm pretty sure they would call it animal cruelty . 
what is it called when a roman gets really sick ? chicken pox romana 
do you know any columbine jokes ? i guess i'll give it a shot 
why does 0 1 cos 0 1 
back away slowly from the uncaffeinated woman . 
what animal has exactly 12 grams of carbon ? a mole 
jaws 1975 : a shark is murdered on his vacation . 
how does one know if balls are ticklish ? test - tickle . 
first comes the wedding and 5 months later comes the baby . 
why doesn't mike tyson play the playstation ? because he's an xboxer . 
netflix and chill or ... redtube and lube 
went to the proctologist ... ended up with a 
so an orca's prey tried to escape but his fate was sealed 
canadian whiskey is just whiskey that apologizes for your hangover in the morning 
what did the lumberjack see ? he saw a tree . 
which state does the most laundry ? washington . 
who started the campfire website ? some bright spark . 
my friend kicked a mushroom today he's a fungi 
i wear a cape because i'm super broke 
i'm an archaeologist ... my life is in ruins . 
the fish's guitar sounded terrible . he must've forgotten his tuna . 
what's a holocaust denier's favorite month ? july 
hollywood hasn't remade spiderman in a couple weeks . i hope they're okay . 
i thought angry birds was what i get from other drivers . 
a customer asked me for a good reliable printer ... 
police jokes are not funny so give it arrest 
guys one of the greek gods is trying to destroy 80s music ! h80s 
you can't make racist jokes no - one likes dark humour 
i don't think i'll beheading to the middle east any time soon . 
so its pancake tuesday today that surely crepe'd up on us 
what do you buy a recently neutered cat ? spay roses . 
what was the favorite chicken dish of hitler ? the swastikka 
why did the chickens cross the border ? because they were turkish . 
til dna was supposed to be a line but things spiraled of control 
do you know who i saw yesterday ? everyone i looked at 
my friend got fired from his banking job ... because he lost interest . 
the main reason i got divorced is because i got married . 
what do monkeys drink in space ? orangu - tang . 
a gymnast walks into a bar . she is promptly deducted five points 
the coolest superhero would be the inaudible woman . 
i'm thinking about starting a feminist group . it's called ovary - action . 
people who say " adorbs " make me miserbs 
what club cancels their meeting everytime ? the vegan club 
why don't terrorists shop at walmart ? they prefer a target . 
yo mama so dark she went to night school and was marked absent ! 
* takes personality test * * fails * 
can a ninja kill someone from a distance ? shuriken ! 
" is pepsi ok ? " - world's worst drug dealer 
ama request floyd mayweather oh wait never mind he can't read . 
omg this fire truck is being such an attention whore right now 
what did the jihad name his concession stand ? " allahu snackbar ! " 
a terrorist walks into a christmas party just kidding . he drove . 
they called it twitter because everybody poops was taken . 
why is the lineup at the electronic store never straight ? benq 
wanna hear something really disappointing ? too bad . 
disappointed to learn that landlady isn't the opposite of a mermaid . 
why did the alligator wear a vest ? he was an investigator ! 
what do poor people drink ? pover - tea . 
stovetop directions : 1 . use microwave . 
what type of candy bar does snake eat ? snake - kers snickers 
the crowd at this bar is so young someone just got slimed . 
this is my first joke i am posting , here goes nothing 
nuns really stick to the rules . they have quite the habit . 
how do communists achieve a revolution every single year ? they planet ! 
reddit admins once ate a whole pizza hut . 
what is a white supremacist's favorite dessert ? cake cake cake 
why is hel great in bed ? because she can * switch stances * 
reddit . now a tool for the nsa . 
i said " i'm not going to repeat myself " 
a serious issue alcohol poisoning is a liver die situation . 
what the difference between a pancake ? it tastes better with jam . 
an atheistic dyslexic ... believes there is no dog . 
" seamstress , you come pleat me . " - pants 
what do you call a frenchman in sandals ? felippe feloppe ... wah wah 
what did the englishman call the hilarious slav ? top vlad . 
what is the cat's favourite tv show ? the evening mews ! 
i read my wife's diarrhea she thinks i have dyslexia ! 
our breakfast is gegs . scrambled eggs 
where do david cameron and his party meet ? in the conservatory ! 
born free , taxed to death . 
karma points do not reflect your self worth now gimme my karma points ! 
why are cliffhangers always hated ? 
jokes on her ! i like sleeping on the couch . 
school meals by r . e . volting 
what idiot decided to call them meteorologists and not storm troopers 
" did you check your pockets ? " - kangaroo who's lost a child 
people think i'm a good listener but i'm really just solid at nodding 
what does a russian use to wipe their mouth ? ... a soviet 
why do native americans hate april showers ? because they bring mayflowers 
graphene can do everything ... except leave the lab . : 
e - incense to mask e - joint e - odor . 
necrophilia beer : " sit back and crack open a cold one . " 
why did sally fall off the swings she pooped herself 
tom swifty " my mom is my dad ! " said tom transparently . 
kill the crackers ... kill them all old man ritz 
i tink therefore i am irish . 
what's a brazillian's least favorite math chapter to do ? 7 - 1 
the rain is pounding so hard i'm kind of jealous . 
what do you call a vampire , that follows the rules ? draculaw 
what kind of dinosaur writes poetry ? a bronte - saurus . 
my favorite joke : what do hillbillies do for halloween ? pump kin . 
why did lamar give money to kobe ? because lamar odom 
my friend stole my capacitor i told him that wasn't farad all 
are we sure this new planet isn't just pluto wearing a wig ? 
what type of movies can't batman see ? parental guidance . 
what kind of tea does water make ? humiditea . 
wanna hear a really funny joke ? whoops , wrong sub . 
i don't like damp things for the moist part 
let's be honest ... finn was a little bit on the dark side ... 
how do big yellow machinery fall asleep . they bulldoze 
what's the most messed up trap for santa ? a nicolas cage . 
people with dreadlocks either love weed or hate showers . 
why did the termite got divorced ? because she ate the secretary . 
this post is totally pointless circle 
did you hear about the ebola cure abola chicken noodle soup ... 
no matter how much you push an envelope it will always be stationary 
how did norse marsupials write their sagas ? in kangarunes . 
my friends hate i when i use smiley faces . they're just childish xd 
what gets a gold digger off ? goldman sachs 
what is the largest moth the world has ever seen ? a mammoth 
how do you request another mormon wife ? brigham young 
looking forward to his next movie night at the mausoleum 
why do elephants drink ? well , mostly to forget ... . . 
wanna hear why i love dorian gray jokes ? cause they never get old 
what do you call someone that goes down on both genders ? bilingual . 
what's a dentists favourite time ? 2 : 30 
i gave up masterbating i haven't been feeling myself lately 
what state do most people live in ? denial . myself included . 
who invented the telephone ? the phoenicians phone - itions . 
what's the number ten's favorite spanish phrase ? diez mio ! 
what was the preacher turned drill seargent's favorite command ? present alms ! 
what do you call a woman who pleasures herself with vegetables ? mrs hawking 
the answer is " preludes " name something bill cosby gives to nuns . 
i think it's about time we stopped accepting quasimodo and demanded 100 modo . 
hostage jokes aren't funny ... unless you execute them well . 
if you want my opinion ask my wife 
how to talk to a woman wearing headphones 1 . create a podcast 
what sort of violin does a ghost play ? a dreadivarius . 
procrastination eh , that's not an important joke i'll tell that one later . 
is okay to laugh if hitler jokes are considered to be the vorst ? 
but your honor , she used mild cheddar cheese to make nachos 
what is the cuddliest particle known to science ? the hugs boson ! 
why did steve jobs eat all the cookies ? mac users have no ctrl 
i nominate lou gehrig . 
never test the depth of the water with both feet . 
british corn maze scientist found out ... 
ugh , i hate wearing this towel while my wife washes my cape . 
did you hear the news about half - life 3 me neither 
what's a tick's favorite food ? a tic tac 
demi lovato is my favorite singer that is half human , half lovato . 
i can't decide which room not to clean first . 
" sooth . sooth ! soooth ! ! ! " - - soothsayers 
once there was a king he was very poor 
maybe i'm not stalking you , maybe i just like your schedule 
coffee so strong , it still works even though you've disabled java . 
i've fathered 200 children ... . . in one of my reddit comments . 
what's irish and sits on a porch ? pati o furniture 
i know all the subjects of hillary clinton's emails , ask me anything deleted 
wanna know something funny ? my amount of karma . 
what is tangled rope in space called ? astro - knot 
autocorrect and i are so close , we finish each other's sentinels . 
female viagra has been around for years ... it's called money . 
on this great new diet called " sleep through breakfast . " 
falling from a window by eileen dowt 
based on her color and size snookie would make a great buoy . 
emo kids : you've seen one , you've seen the mall 
how did jerry heller order breakfast over eazy 
when you read an unfunny joke : downvote it . 
cow joke what do cows watch in the theaters ? moovie 
robin williams has died thank you for the laughter 
you don't make any sense . i would know because i'm unemployed . 
which is the smartest tall mountain ? mt . cleverest hue hue 
imgur servers 
i want my headstone to read " loving wife , evil dictator " . 
my car doubles in value when i fill my gas tank up . 
my attractive feature is that sometimes i go away . 
has anyone woken up green day yet ? 
people call me ugly until they see my wallet then they call me poor 
what does melania call it when donald takes viagra ? a rigged erection . 
the trouble with learning from experience is that you never graduate . 
a joke my grandfather told me women's rights 
i bet anne franke had the worlds most boring foursquare account . 
we'll all be making some serious zellweger face on the toilet tomorrow . 
why is chewbacca bad at sports ? he's just a wookie ! 
sorry i faked my death during the middle of your boring story . 
what do you call coffee made from coal ? tarbucks . 
chuck norris always knows the exact location of carmen sandiego . 
why is it called a funny bone ? because its humerus ! 
be the person your dog thinks you are . a gentle lover . 
where do neanderthals shop ? cave - mart . 
what's the shortest book in the world ? deutscher humor ! 
what is beethoven doing in his grave decomposing haha it's funni 
what is a specimen ? an italian astronaut . 
where does biggest potato grow ? under the ground . 
lice is the herpes of kindergarten . 
the truth is out there it just hasn't been indexed well . 
so baby jesus grows up to be santa or ... 
* continues telling story that you've clearly indicated you've heard before * 
what's the most casual crime you can commit ? shooting the breeze . 
have you heard about the digging poem ? it's quite deep . 
anyone else able to tie rope using telekinesis ? thought knot . 
check this one out : * * 1 * * 
what did saitama draw with a pen and a ruler one punchline 
did you read the joke hillary emailed to obama ? deleted 
what type of luggage talks in short sentences ? a brief case 
what's at the beginning of the rainbow ? refraction of sunlight in raindrops 
why are horses no fun ? because they are neigh - sayers 
where did the candian pirate live ? ont * * arr * * io 
click bait i told you it was click bait 
what's the smartest cookie ? academia nut 
what's the difference between love and herpes ? love doesn't last forever . 
a retired husband is often a wife's full - time job . 
r jokes should have an allergy warning cauition : may contain reposts 
worm ceo cuts workforce in half , doubles productivity 
me : ur driving me crazy crazy : nah , i'm too drunk 
why did david schwimmer need ear drops ? he had schwimmer's ear . 
guys . you can't make everyone happy , so just concentrate on me 
you'd better czechoslovakia before you wreckyoslovakia . 
ants what has 2 legs , and eats ants ? uncles 
what did charlie manson get his fiancee ? a blood diamond ... doh ! 
when everything else in life fails you , there's always twitter . 
i finally found a thread where op delivered ! it was a boy . 
rip time spent on twitter . 
why did the blind couple get divorced ? they couldn't see eye to eye 
i own a struggling scuba shop ... my business is going under . 
people who matter don't judge , people who judge , don't matter . 
shaved my girlfriend's cat . think she'll take the hint ? 
feminine hygiene jokes are the worst form of humor period . 
according to this bathroom stall , my ex changed her number again . 
a better name for everything bagels would be 3 - 5 things bagels 
" i'm in the best shape of my life ! " - newborn baby 
four redditors ... ... six opinions . 
which of the himalayas is the shortest ? 
tried to catch sirrus and achenar yesterday myst : 
i bet coke addicts only get worse once they try the cherry kind . 
what's the difference between traffic and strawberries ? you can eat strawberry jam . 
i moustache you a question but i'm shavin it for later sean connery . 
why is modern wheat supperior to old wheat ? it's bred and better ! 
doctor doctor everyone keeps throwing me in the garbage . don't talk rubbish ! 
what did moses say to the guy who wanted a boat i noah guy 
walmart pokes holes in the condoms to ensure customer retention . 
alderaan whoa this blew up 
bend over and take it like a taxpayer . 
just realized franz kafka was a lawyer so he was kafka , esq . 
two zulu's met in my shop today . . they just clicked . 
how can you tell a dog from an elephant ? the elephant remembers . 
if earth is flat what's on the other side then ? adele 
facebook needs a drama of the day section in my news feed . 
a short joke jk 
29 and 30 had a fight . 31 . 
what's mr . skeltal's favorite candy ? dootsie rolls . 
context is everything the irony . 
few things sound worse than getting smurfed in 3d 
some people follow their dreams , i follow lunatics on the internet . 
what's the best way to prepare baby food ? shake'n bake . 
life is like a dozen roses ... it's full of pricks ! 
chelsea fc 
well , this day was a total waste of makeup . 
i'm more of a coca - cola person ... soda speak . 
" live this friday like it was your last . " the mayans 
when women cry , their faces look like half - chewed starbursts . 
saturday wins " best day " 47 , 000th week in a row . 
what does a fencing redditor always do with their jokes ? ripostes them 
joke about china censored 
romanian is not actually a nationality it's a profession . 
why doesn't r jokes like fencers ? because they always riposte . 
9 10 people think that mobbing at work is okay ... 
why republicans cannot swim as freely as they want ? dems ! 
he : so then , what's your sign ? she : dollar . 
yo mamma so fat . . that she drowns in the dead sea ! 
what's the smartest pizza ? combination with nobel peppers . 
jokes about death penalty . . . . are all about execution . 
don't click this post you'll reg - reddit 
what is the biggest joke ? reddit . 
i could never eat a vegan burger i don't believe in cannabalism 
why is superman's costume so tight ? because it only comes in size s 
what did little billy get when he stumbled upon r twoxchromosome ? cancer . 
irony is how jesus is too liberal for most of his own fan clubs 
what is a queens job ? she queens and vacuums 
sometimes my memory is not quite as good as my forgettery . 
what do robots dip in salsa ? microchips 
calm down r b singers nearing the end of your songs 
why did mary poppins break both her legs ? because she had supercalifrajilistic osteoporosis 
what does lenny of mice and men do during foreplay ? heavy petting . 
i get all of my news from " we didn't start the fire " 
please , if i ever offend you , it's because i meant to . 
if dolphins are so smart , how come they're never on jeopardy ? 
100 of murder victims who responded to the survey really freaked us out . 
the best way to eat welsh cheese ? caerphilly . 
we grew up so poor we could only play dungeons . 
i'm going to take a nap ... wake me up when september ends . 
what are bill gates latest projects ? needle upscaling and camel miniaturization . 
trump for president ! there will be hell toupee 
had a fight with a janitor once , wiped the floor with him 
did you hear about the mute guy . i didn't either . 
age is important only if you're cheese and wine . 
i hate restaurants where they won't let you bring your own mariachi band . 
the only thing i've ever made from scratch was dandruff . 
what prize did the dead body receive ? atrophy 
i told a wild dog to go away ... it dingo anywhere . 
i'm worried about deniro's mole . 
why did the guy wear sweatpants to his prom ? strictly ballroom . 
what does sean connery call a greedy oyster ? shellfish . 
the uncertain pirate replied ... ... " arrr maybe ! " 
club sandwiches ... ... not seals 
with parkinsons ... every weight is shake weight ! 
wheelchair athletes have just been banned from the paralympics they tested positive for wd40 
how did kim kardashian break the net ? she sat on it . 
hot single senior citizens in your area need air conditioning . 
my time - travelling uncle died . rip robert mack , 1968 - 1834 
i posted a video of john cena recently and set it to private . 
too drowsy to operate heavy machinery . moving on to light firearms . 
what comes after huehuehue ? satsatsat lumlumlum 
what was michael jackson's favourite musical key ? a minor 
what did a pirate say to fellow pirate ? are you seeding ? 
the hurricane by rufus blownoff 
guys are at their mathematical best when a girl says she is pregnant . 
what does shakespeare's dog eat ? iambs ! 
nobody's perfect . i'm a nobody . 
why a fruit doesn't walk ? because fruit flies 
i've been trying to eat healthier so i ate a vegetarian . 
what does peter gabriel sing on the toilet ? i am the extruder ... 
it looks like the last informal g20 took place in panama . 
i hate having closure , it's really 
everyone is like happy 2016 and apple is like : happy 2015s ! 
dis'se i've contracted a disease . 
why are aliens bad at high - fives ? because they always klingon ! 
nice tan , what's your race ? carrot ? 
i'm gonna nail horseshoes on my nikes and gallop behind joggers 
why don't sharks bite lawyers ? professional courtesy . 
my " sleep number " is vodka . 
i just got a bunch of cool apps and games for my windows phone 
atleast my crippling depression keeps me going i'm a real self - loathivator 
advice in elections how do you win an election ? by giving out candy 
i was told a good joke at a new year party ... hillary clinton 
some people should be recalled . 
congratulations on your gold medal in the conclusion jump . 
yo mama feet are so big her shoes have to have license plates ! 
i take all of my relationship advice from animal planet . 
what happens when a linguist gets sick ? plosive diarrhea 
how does a woman show she's planning for the future ? plastic surgery . 
adding anyone comment need to no my safari 
my gynecologist didn't think my ventriloquism skills were as charming as i did . 
whats a zombie's favorite drink ? egg noggin . 
where do the stormtroopers like to eat ? at the bo buffet 
i like long walks away from everyone 
i bet homophobic guys get reincarnated into condoms . 
what is the best remedy for cough ? a laxative . 
i'm jealous of all the people that haven't met you ! 
did you watch the movie constipation ? it never came out . 
who named the sperm whales ? seamen . 
why do pirates like birthday parties ? doubloons . 
straight girls are like spaghetti ... only straight until they get wet . 
sam adams is the main reason i know what season it is . 
what's the best blood type ? blood that is circulating . 
what's scotland's biggest cause of depression ? lonely ness . 
success is just like being pregnant . 
schrodinger's cat recently went on a crime spree he's wanted dead and alive 
this isn't rain , it's god slaughtering a giant cloud . 
a toast to wives ... girlfriends and lovers ... may they never meet ... 
i said no to drugs but i don't think they're listening 
always trust your dog's first impression of someone . 
made yah look . 
flotus is an unfortunate acronym , like something left in the toilet bowl . 
what's the absolute worst city to live in ? an atrocity . 
make sure you tip your exorcist or else you can get repossessed . 
aaron hernandez just got convicted ... ... from tight end to now wide receiver 
schizophrenia i m in two minds about it 
what did the homeless guy eat after he dropped his hamburger ? ground beef 
raise your hands if you just completed a gymnastics routine . 
twitter drama doesn't have anything on linkedin drama . 
the more you run over a cat ... the flatter it gets . 
i got a starfish for a pet it was a no - brainer . 
talk is cheap because supply exceeds demand . 
what's the name of the new shawarma restaurant in neverland ? pita pan 
what has two o's and fires ? a double - vowel shotgun . 
what are you if you hide eggs at nice places eggspert . 
how does a woman scare a gynecologist ? by becoming a ventriloquist ! 
how come reddit posters have no babies ? because op never delivers . 
what would ed sheeran taste like on a piece of toast ? gingerbread 
did you know ... jesus invented cross - training 
hi , faithbook ! itfs mike tyson 
vodka is just potatoes that made the right career choices . 
what did terrorists used to call fidel castro ? infidel castro 
what is a paradox ? a small medical clinic . 
i bet jane didn't know tarzan swings both ways . 
why do tigers have stripes ? because they don't want to be spotted 
when it comes to making pokemon puns you could say i'm machamp 
hayao miyazaki retired that's it . the guy is quit the troll . 
i decided to start working at a bakery ... i knead the dough . 
what did batman say to the joker when he finally caught him ? gotham 
cheer up grumpy asthmatics by replacing the gas in their inhalers with helium . 
what is the network admin favourite lullaby ? mary had a little lan 
a pho restaurant that doesn't close is a twenty pho seven . 
is venison deer ? no really . only paid a couple of bucks . 
why aren't orphans laughing ? because jokes aren't apparent . 
i aim to be so strong i can kill a hurricane 
dear congress , please text and drive . governmentshutdown 
why does bread not have eyebrows ? because it's bread . 
americans choosing their orders at mcdonalds more seriously than their presidents . 
truth is , nobody can parkour better than squirrels . . nobody 
where is the gangster egg from ? the upper sunny - side 
the groundhog saw the shadow and said it was an awful movie . 
what do indian movie stars play at the beach ? bollyball 
i've been told i look like a young denzel washington's white neighbor . 
smoking kills . smoking panics . smoking tries to hide the body . 
" um . " - 1st horse that got ridden 
i just did yoga . no wait , yogurt . 
and in her smile i see something more beautiful than the stars . 
that one liner i'm not drinking too much tonight never goes as planned ... 
how did the astronaut land on the sun ? he went at night . 
i handle stress the way cats bathe in water . 
in canada , we don't count by mississippi's , we count by saskatchewan's . 
man desperately clicks away from article he didn't realize was a video 
ellen pao is actually right and we should respect her decisions jk lol 
i never run with scissors those last two words were unnecessary 
why doesn't popeye's serve spinach ? 
why is it called " pig latin " ? ecausebay ronyiay 
i had a soap addiction . its okay though i'm clean now . 
* hands you a handbasket * you know what to do ... ... . 
that new movie , daja vu ... haven't i seen it before ? 
what time of day is it in france right now ? mourning 
whats the most common breakfast in africa ? ebola cereal ! 
what medication that can make people inspire you ? aspirin sorry guys 
how do chocolate labs not die of themselves ? 
what is harry potter's philosophy on relationships ... hit it and quidditch . 
what is an italian redditors favorite meal ? fettuccini alfedora . 
what do you calla judge with no thumbs ? justice fingers 
if you were looking for a joke about pee ... urine luck . 
the best way to remember your wife's birthday is to forget it once . 
i'm gonna stop you right there . - traffic 
so ... i want ebola cereal ... 
what's a communists favourite sporting event ? commonwealth games 
do you think they named april fool's day in your honor ? 
hippo : i'm really heavy zippo : i'm a little lighter 
what does a wolf cough up after eating a rabbit ? a hare ball 
i accidentally got my so pregnant ... i totally pulled a jeb bush . 
i'm new in town . could you give me directions to your apartment ? 
where's the best place to look for a joke ? the mirror 
welcome to asia's newest billionare . his name is cha ching . 
anarchy jokes submit your anarchy jokes below : 
don't believe everything you think . 
what happens if you don't pay after an exorcism ? you'll get repossessed ! 
what do you call apple's next beauty product ? the iliner . 
do you know what happened to my tooth in the dentist's office ? filled 
if your son becomes a priest ... ... do you call him father ? 
what's the quickest way to make nine million dollars ? date simon cowell . 
horoscope : slightly fatter than you were yesterday 
i brought a dyslexic girl home last night . she cooked my sock . 
i'll never forget where i was when i found out i have alzheimer's 
my drinking team has a bowling problem . 
what's a redditors favorite governing body ? the fedoral government . 
why are we not injecting ourselves with magic johnson blood ? ! 
please stop saying donald trump is mean he can't even make an average president 
* walks into a brothel * " yes i'd like some broth " 
what does a ghost get when he is horny ? a booner 
i tried wrapping christmas presents . . but i just didn't have the gift 
you're pretty like a pearl ... ... pearl harbor all shot up . 
r pyongyang is a ... . fun and happy place ! 
yo mama so short she can play handball on the curb . 
what do you call something big and pink deez nuts gotti 
i heard the vatican was making a movie . the name ? pope fiction 
" america is getting snow ? how cute " - canadians 
what do you hear when a sheep blows up ? sis boom baa carnac 
how do you know this is oc ? its not on the front page 
trust is knowing you never have to look through their phone . 
how does an asgardian like his parties ? loki 
the milk is so good its legendary 
i wanna die by getting stuck my lightning shocking , i know . 
yuppie cannibals shop at whole dudes . 
user interface ? i hardly even know her . 
chuck norris doesn't call the wrong number . you answer the wrong phone 
i like my women like a surgeon likes his patients drugged and unconscious 
do you know mike ? mike ock 
shouldn't spiderman have 4 more legs ? 
researchers find a very smart blonde ... . 
what tick likes to run ? politicks 
wish i wasn't raising my kids in an era where mediocrity was celebrated . 
what is even bigger than an elephant ? a giant ! 
when should you charge a battery ? when you can't pay cash . 
let's remove all the warning labels and thin out the herd . 
jared from subway apparently subway is removing the foot long from the kids menu 
ban pre - shredded cheese make america grate again ! 
can we just change the phrase " transgender " to " transjenner " ? 
i thought game of thrones was a show about bathrooms 
shout out to pringles for never giving us a half can of air . 
two law students walked into a bar ... two lawyers walked out 
angry kids are like toys . wind them up and watch them go . 
good friends don't let you do dumb things ... alone . 
no really , keep talking . i'm just training for the eyeroll olympics . 
reddit is like a newspaper ... ... all of the headlines happened yesterday . 
guns don't avoid critical thinking by leaning on tired aphorisms . people do . 
what do pirates like to wear during the winter ? scarves 
how do you piss off a fanboy ? kylo ren kills dumbledore . 
what side of a monster has more hair ? the outside ! 
a moderator is browsing r worldnews ... 
respect to this dude at cvs whose sole purchase is frosted flakes 
they say that ignorance is bliss but i'm just as happy not knowing ! 
life isn't a garden , so don't be a hoe . 
wanna know something about whiteboards ? they're remarkable . 
redundancy : an airbag in a politician's car ! 
why doesn't a scarecrow use tp because hay . . its in his jeans 
i don't trust a taxi cab that has more than two air fresheners . 
what kind of pizza did the dalai lama order ? one with everything 
i witnessed an attempted murder earlier ... luckily only one crow showed up ... 
there was only one animal at the zoo ... it was a shihtzu 
don't cha wish ya girlfriend was a clinically depressed cat owning weirdo like me 
what is the best basket ball team ever ? the tricera - hops 
relationship status : woke up next to an empty pizza box 
what's better than seeing a woman wrestle ? seeing her box . 
fish are just mobile sushi storage units . 
if monday was a movie , it would be very long and boring . 
i bet the cooler math nerds call each other alge - brahs . 
who's the wost president ever ? guess we'll find out in january . 
what do you call a film director with bad eyesight ? squintin tarantino 
a dyslexic atheist screamed out loud ... there is no dog ! 
me : this is a beautiful flower arrangement host : that's a salad . 
if a word in a dictionary were misspelled how would we know ? 
nice 35 yr . old unlit candle , every grandma in the world . 
what is the smallest mall ? small ! 
my favorite x - men character is nicki minaj . 
yo mama is so fat when you go around her you get lost ! 
r worldnews right now removed 
how does a fallopian tube take its eggs ? ovaries z 
change is hard , especially the nickel . 
if you skip church on sundays . . you're pulling a christian bale . 
what happened when helium told a joke ? there was no reaction 
it feels like obama's been on tour longer than the rolling stones . 
roses are red , violets are blue gorilla shot at cincinnati zoo 
welcome to twitter , where nobody uses their right to remain silent . 
before batgirl can become batwoman she has to have a batmitzvah . 
why is it called a mango ? because mancome wasn't selling 
i have two moods : sleep is for the weak sleeping for a week 
a friend told me i look like james taylor just after he went bald 
what is a male widow called ? single 
what actor do horses like the most ? matthew mcconaug - hay 
i took my orchestra onto a train one day the conductor was rubbish 
womans rights see above 
retirement is the time in your life when time is no longer money . 
espn first take - patriots players question rex ryan's defense 
how do you get certified as an interior decorator ? you don't pull out 
hey morons , when in doubt , just spell it " theiyr're . " 
it's amazing what you can accomplish when you do stuff . 
which nut is the angriest ? the pistachio . 
what's the best kind of alcohol for your liver ? nonanol . 
sign at funeral home : all sales final 
where did the word " etymology " come from ? 
why was darth vader arrested ? excessive use of force . 
where do you store a werewolf ? in a were - house 
can't sleep because i'm afraid i'm going to miss the apocalypse . 
what is jay - z's favorite type of seafood ? that fish cray . 
the consequences of electing trump ... there will be heil toupee 
don't discriminate , hate everyone equally . 
i vote we bring 80's music back and forget how to dougie ! ! 
what's an atheist's favorite christmas movie ? coincidence on 34th street 
cauliflower is just cabbage rocking an afro . 
dear freight trains , way to be stuck in the 19th century . 
boss : let's be frank . me : dibs on " sinatra . " 
happy alentine's ay ! for people who won't get the d or v 
the filipino diving team . 
my town is so small ... the village idiot doubles as the mayor . 
i support traditional marriage between a man and one of his own ribs . 
hey , everybody under 25 just shut up for like five minutes . 
i'm so horny the crack of dawn better be careful around me 
i think my doctor has ocd too ... he diagnosed me with cdo . 
yo mama so ugly the nhl banned her for life 
do you know two places to put water ? well dam 
what car do insects drive ? a volkswagen automobile . 
why'd the air resistance committed suicide ? because he's always being neglected 
why was the horizontal plane judged in germany ? it was x - axis 
we get it , japan . all of your cats can skateboard . 
one in every 2 and a half men is hiv positive . 
why are cats against abortion ? because they're catholic 
what happensto nitrogen when the sun rises ? it becomes daytrogen i'ms orry 
what is an italian mobster's favorite cooking oil ? cannoli oil . 
worrying over my viagra use keeps me up most nights 
who's concerts cost only 45 cents to attend ? 50 cent ft . nickelback 
let's both be naughty this year and save santa the trip . 
doctor doctor nobody understands me . what do you mean by that ? 
what do rappers like on their burritos ? waka flakamole i'll show myself out 
i don't love my girlfriend anymore ... ... she has grown up . 
what's a comedians least favorite drink ? booze 
i see isis is finally practicing structured programming . they're eliminating gotos . 
what's the difference between wendy's and windows ? wendy's is never frozen . 
i found 100 in my pocket this morning and almost quit my job 
forrest whitaker turned 51 today , his right eye turned 47 . 
what is your dog's favorite breakfast ? pooched eggs ! 
what does a " yes man " say ? i don't no 
stephen hawking wrote another book , it's about time . 
please pray for me : i recently found out that nobody's praying for me 
yo moma is so fat i can see everything behind her 
what is faster than silver surfer ? quicksilver surfer ! : d 
what if ... obama was secretly working for the government ? 
what's the brightest airship ever made ? led zeppelin 
why did germany lose ww2 ? three reichs and you're out 
here's a joke ! my social life ! 
no child donuts left behind . 
why didn't i play in the woman's world chess championships ? because i ran 
i've just made an abortion . i'm not kidding . 
" it's over there by the walgreens " - directions to anywhere 
haven't worn a bra in 4 days ... . i love being a man 
i love you , too because i love you less than three lt 3 
flicks cigarette out window submarine captain : you fool ! 
what do transgender cannibals call the blood of christ ? cross dressing . 
where was hitler sitting ? third from the reich 
i'm a lady on the streets but a silly fake ghost in the sheets 
can i donate fat instead of blood ? 
don't invest in seaworld it's really starting to tank 
why are penguins socially awkward ? because they can't break the ice . 
how does mike tyson get smarter ? by taking a math gainer . 
nicole kidman please name your next child teendude 
i used to be an adventurer until i took a knee to the arrow 
judging by my handwriting possible future career choices include doctor or kindergartner . 
you're like my hard drive . fat and 32 
what functions worse than the us government ? a greek bank . 
for a perfectly shaved forearm reach for the last pringle in the can . 
" i have no porpoise ! " - existential marine biologist . 
the tornado warning siren has just stopped going off that's either good or terrible 
time may be a great healer but it's also a lousy beautician . 
god creating pufferfish how about a terrifying balloon 
the irish alligator his name was croc o'di le . 
person submits resume and gets a job . . 
i once opened a box of life . all i found was disappointment . 
how can if you have a stupid dog ? it chases parked cars ! 
11 million americans spend half their income on steam ... in june . 
my swear jar has more money in it than my bank account 
according to nasa size does matter . 
i can't argue with your love for bananas they have a peel ... 
christian politicians hate science because they think it's always talking about two adams bonding 
in which month is the nyc fashion week ? fabruary , of course . 
why were the ducks arrested ? they were selling quack in the park . 
what's a narcoleptics favorite game ? hide and go sleep . 
* high fives self * * misses * 
but , your honor ... she told me she shaved it ! 
where do pandas live ? on the road to extinction . 
every lifetime movie needs a scene where a woman angrily packs a suitcase 
how did camelot get its name ? guinevere liked to hump a lot . 
where does a snowman keep his money ? in a snow bank ! 
how do you make a hormone ? it's easy they usually fake it anyway 
what's the deal with arab airlines food ... emirate ? 
i was eating a danish ... http : youtu . be b5fqkseglnq 
unfortunately a skeleton couldn't go the prom he had nobody to go with . 
match dot com , but for socks . 
there are 3 genders male female imagination 
why did julius caesar buy crayons ? he wanted mark antony ! 
what university has the most brightest students and staff ? university of brighton 
... my life up till now ! hayyooooo ! ! : 
i can sympathize with batteries . i never get included in anything either . 
cane sugar is the best ! it just can't be beet ! 
what is a canadian's favorite nirvana song ? all apologies 
i like jokes that don't take long to read . 
i would make a joke about your mom but cows are holy in india 
are you the new english teacher ? yes i are . 
how does dalai lama send emails ? with no attachments . 
what's hillary's thoughts about her campaign ? iran , iraq , i lost 
where do all the normies play ? in the areeeeeiiiiiiiiina 
gets kidnapped hold up , i forgot my phone charger . 
why isn't a menu board at a coffee house called javascript ? 
what's a londoner's favorite seafood ? king's crustacean . 
why isn't soap cool ? because it's basic . 
why was kanye's christmas gift to kim spoiled ? because he's a bad wrapper 
a fanny pack is a great place to store your manhood . 
how did they get john mcafee out of guatemala ? mcafee removal tool 
what time is it when 10 elephants are chasing you ? 10 after 1 
i like trains thats the joke . hahahahah ! ! ! ! 
why did the mathematician get pulled over ? for drinking and deriving 
did abraham's brother have any kids ? yes . a lot . 
jackie chan is in the new star wars he's a thai fighter 
someone stole my chair ! deceitful ... 
how much does the great wall of china weigh ? wan - ton sorry 
laughed so hard tears ran down my leg . 
what weighs more on the moon than on earth ? a helium baloon 
4 20 . always forget . 
i'm not a grammar nazi ! i'm alt - write . 
i'm going bananas ... that's what i tell the bananas when i'm leaving . 
i'll sleep when i'm dead but also every night so i don't die . 
where did chappelle store all his rick james outfits ? unit e 
spilling a beer ... ... is the adult equivalent to losing a balloon . 
what does the saudi paralympics team consist of ? thieves . . 
poetry cannot be justified . it's a typography joke . 
i made a short joke today ... it wasn't very funny . 
damn baby you drive me 4011 . 
girl you got more red flags than a well played game of minesweeper 
my work had a bake sale today we raised a lot of dough . 
if you jingle my bells ill promise you a white christmas . 
what do ducks get hooked on ? quack 
friends with benefits ? what , like you can provide dental insurance ? 
wanted to make a voldemort joke but this whole subreddit nose it 
" i'm never drinking again . " - someone who will drink again 
how did christopher columbus discover america ? by occident 
look me in the eyes when i'm lying to you . 
deja vu is just god fixing a typo and reposting . 
why do orphans like tennis ? only place they can get love 
abraham lincoln is in a cent until proven guilty . 
a polaroid is what an eskimo takes when he wants to bulk up . 
what was bin laden's favourite brand ? jihadidas . 
nothing cures a hangover like a positive pregnancy test . 
marriage is a workshop ... ... ... the husband works the wife shops 
what did mohammed eat ? his dates . 
what's piccolo's preferred type of car ? dodge ! ! ! 
justice in china . 
i'd kill for opie's pizza . unfortunately , they never deliver . : 
which pirate makes the best food ? captain cook . 
started a new religion doesn't matter , had sects . 
bat math ha ha ha bat math rules ! ! 
how does a feminist ask for halloween candies ? trigger treat . 
what kind of underwear does severus snape wear ? always . 
how do you get negative inflation ? deflation . 
once you use mac you never go back . there's literally no escape 
what does the illuminati smell like ? new world odor 
i just posted a selfie and people told me to get well soon . 
my wife has to be the worst cook . her specialty is indigestion . 
what does robocop use for fuel ? petroleum 
what's captain hook's favourite kind of shop ? the second hand shop . 
basketball players like their chicken like they like their basketballs in the bucket 
what type of meat do catholic priests eat on friday ? nun . 
heard about the seafood diet ? you see food and you eat it . 
benefits of dating me : 1 . you're the smart one 
is it appropriate to force an adult to wear diapers ? depends . 
what tv game show do fish like best ? name that tuna ! 
sh * t happens ... i mean look at you . 
what do you call a honry micheal j fox ? a viberator 
song name ? 
so what if putin fudged election so ve it 
why does r jokes love fencing ? they've all mastered the riposte . 
a chicken lays a man on the floor which came first ? 
who do you give a lost gun to ? the rifle owner . 
your first follower has given you away , parody account . 
are your parents siblings ? 
the department of unfinished statistics concluded ... ... that 7 out of 10 . 
greek mythology summed up in five words unfortunately , zeus was feeling horny 
i just tore a dumpling in half it was wonton destruction 
where do french lawyers like to relax ? the j'ac cusi 
i told my dad to do a magic trick so he disappeared forever 
i love comfort food . i'm going to eat a quilt . 
stop repeat offenders . don't re - elect them ! 
how do porcupines hug ? carefully ! 
rotisseries are making chickens roll over in their graves . 
joanke its an inside joke . 
four word joke boy scouts . girl guides . 
during agricultural revolution canines ... ... became dogmesticated . ahahahahahhhhahahahaha 
there were only 3 commandments until moses wife got involved . 
i have many hidden talents . just wish i could find em . 
so i found this funny joke today r mensrights 
what's blue and sings alone ? - dan ackroyd . 
don't like me ? you'll come around . - onion rings 
i hate perforations they're tearable 
how does a priest find a little boy in the woods ? very exciting 
what made the insomniac so boring ? he just wasn't into resting . 
what has more letters than the alphabet ? the post office . 
" eat her already ! " - animal watching people kissing 
it's pancake day already ? that sure creped up fast . 
if jesus was a cat we'd have nine easters . 
did you hear about the temple that burnt down ? holy smokes . 
why are mushrooms small ? because there isn't mush - room . 
spreddit the backpages of the internet 
my new year's resolutions ... . is going to be 1920x1080 . 
how did the snow man get to school ? he took his icicle 
when summer comes and california starts burning , try to act surprised . 
my friends are weird . they keep vegetables in their beer crisper . freaks 
what are you people doing ? making this crap up . 
i probably couldn't even keep a picture of a plant alive . 
be the change you're looking for between the couch cushions . 
what happens when you go to the bathroom scared ? a spooky dookie . 
some say money talks mine just says goodbye 
if it weren't for edison ... ... we'd be watching tv by candlelight . 
when will the hospital equipment arrive ? defibrillater 
what do you call an ant with five pairs of eyes ? antteneye ! 
they say revolution breeds revolution . resistance is fertile . 
what do you call a clan for chickens ? coo clucks clan 
meanwhile on google 
the lion king has a lot of simbalism badumtss 
what do you call a hot pepper with nothing inside it ? a hollowpeno 
how does a crackhead lose weight ? diet coke . 
what does matt damon call thrift shopping ? goodwill hunting . 
the key to a great tweet is attention to detale . 
how much does a human shield cost ? one life 
how you turn a washer into a snow blower ? hand her a shovel 
what is the easter bunny's favourite state capital ? albunny new york ! 
one of america's longest running gags ... trickle - down economics 
billion dollar idea : war . 
what vegetable was on the badge in the cab ? a cabbage ! 
r jokes won't get this an actual funny joke 
what type of car did yoda eat ? a bmw i8 
ethiopian food 
i bought an electric pen the other day ... but my handwriting's still shocking 
accidentally burned a calorie . have to replace it now . 
what do you call a guy who plays the guitar unplugged ? an amputee 
i love hearing peoples stories ... ... i'm always chasing tale . 
i guarantee you , this is a joke donald trump 
why did god invent women ? you think he's gonna wash the dishes ? 
* spreads toilet seat cover over santa's lap before sitting down * 
jokes on you i may be the joker , but you the joke 
what's queen elsa's favorite fruit ? cantaloupe 
why did the sheep move house ? the neighbours were baaastsrds . 
poking holes in your parents condoms so there's someone else to do the dishes 
what type of pants does mario wear ? denimdenimdenim ... denimdenimdenim ... 
why don't ducks have teeth ? too much quack . 
do you know what jafar's original name was ? male - ficient . 
internet , you've made a compelling argument . sleep : present your case . 
what do you call a starving german woman faminenazi 
kids these days be like . . hashtag , you're it 
i might care more about twilight if count chocula was in it . 
how long will a floating point operation float ? 
i became rich by selling fertilizer . i have some very prosperous phosphorus . 
what type of animals are put on envelopes ? seals . 
why wasn't the chicken able to cross the road because it was disabled 
what do you a zombie eating ice cream ? braaaaaaiiiiiiin freeze 
what's the capital of zimbabwe ? hyper - inflated . 
what is enjoyed if it is wanted and hated if its not ? democracy 
how does a hipster measure out his drugs ? using instagrams . 
shovels are incredible they're ground - breaking technology ! 
death is a part of life ... specifically the last part . 
ladies and gentlemen , testicles . that is all . 
how to piss of a reddit moderator ? removed 
what's a white supremacist's favourite fast food restaurant ? kkkfc 
how are ufo's related to hamburgers ? both are unidentified frying objects ! 
knock knock i can't believe you felt for it : 
i know a good joke about hipsters . you've probably never heard it . 
very productive day today , turd - wise 
my relationship status is a taylor swift song just waiting to happen . 
the hunger games don't they play those in africa ? 
you call it reckless driving , i call it searching for my lighter . 
bats are just rats who had too much red bull . 
what is kylo ren's favorite drink ? supreme liter coke . 
what car does boba fett drive ? a mandelorean ! 
unexpectedly meeting a celebrity is cool , unless ... . it's chris hansen . 
i think android application developers are magical . they're like open sorcerers . 
what type of memory card is always laughing ? the xd card . 
i think the health care bill is unpopular because it lacks vampires . 
viscoelasticity is a bit creepy 
what happens when the ussr gets back together ? a soviet reunion . 
what's brown and sticky ? a stick . i'll just see myself out now 
here's how clickbait works 
why did the archaeologist go bankrupt ? because his career was in ruins 
the revenant : how do you call a scalped leonardo dicaprio ? leonardo dicabrio 
what is the world's leading cause of hearing loss ? religion . 
gave this artichoke the heimlich maneuver and now he's artiokay . 
say goodbye to your girlfriends cause i just bought a book on magic tricks 
god gives everyone a hot cousin to test us . 
my wife is cheating on me with a tiny farmer wait these are legos 
if it weren't for snow blowers ... the ups man wouldn't come . 
what do amish people catch when they start using technology ? mennonitis ! 
appendi appendii appendiii appendiv appendv appendvi appendvii appendviii appendix 
there should be a salad bar but with different types of cookies 
you take the oxy out of oxymoron 
i have seen you with no filter , and i still adore you . 
i was gonna make an indian pun but i got naan 
soup : for when you want to be hungry again in 20 minutes 
tech support in the military troubleshoot to kill . 
what do you call the hamburglar's accomplice ? hamburglar helpler 
imagine how much money you could save on vitamins by dying . 
i bet you vegetarians don't even feel guilty eating baby carrots . barbarians . 
the chicken's egg never hatched ... it was a bad yoke . 
dad i know i'm adopted hi adopted , i'm not dad 
what do turtles do for fun ? play hide and shell . 
what tv station do bees watch ? bee bee c one ! 
condoms should be used on every conceivable occasion . 
" my microwave is broken " - abraham lincoln 
this is a really good joke april fools ! 
why have all the immigrants left ? they had no rights . 
why are reddittors so environmentally friendly ? ... because the recycle everything ! 
seeing another person with synesthesia ... is like music to my eyes . 
why are there trees in harlem ? public transport 
what's pirates favourite meme ? ayy lmao 
why is " abbreviation " such a long word ? 
purse dogs ... i've heard they're pretty clutch . 
what's an oven's favorite comedy routine ? deadpan . 
practicing my " eye rolling " cause you know ... tomorrow's monday . 
i joined the dna this week . . . the national dyslexic authority 
woke up so hungry i could eat my own cooking ! 
new diet plan : murder all the skinny people . 
i fell in love at first sight . i should have looked twice . 
just go ahead and arrest the psychopaths who still have egg avatars . 
the sauciest 1 of americans are saucier than the bottom 95 combined . 
did you hear about etchisketchestan ? it got destroyed be an earthquake . 
what do you call a buffalo sabres shirt ? a tank top 
advertising taught me that hair conditioner makes you move in slow motion . 
relationship status table for one but drinks for two . 
what do you call an angle that is cute ? acute angle . 
what kind of olives do i like ? olive them 
what did the goldsmith say when he stubbed his toe ? au 
sodium ... sodium ... sodium ... sodium ... sodium ... batman ! 
why should i submit a joke today ? because today's april full ! 
i hate w . hen my period comes early 
why can't obama dance ? cause he has two leftist feet . 
what language do pigs speak ? depends on which country they're from . 
what's a ghost's favorite data type ? boo - lean ! 
ellen pao's husband 
chuck norris can hold his breathe for nine years . 
who's the world's greatest underwater spy ? pond . james pond . 
why was the lizard's wife unsatisfied ? her hubby had a reptile dysfunction . 
interview " describe yourself in one word . " me : lethargic . 
what does c3po stand for ? because he's got rusty knees . 
happy april fools day ! april fools it's march 31st . 
why are campers so predictable ? you know they're in tents . 
i wanted to ride my bike , but it was two tired . 
what's a pirate's favorite thing too do ? hook up 
it's crazy they couldn't shut bob marleys coffin when he died it kept jammin 
bill cosby walks into a bar the rest is a blur ! 
no longer bothered by my puns ... she's groan immune . 
why didn't the koala get a job ? he didn't have enough koalifications ! 
what did sigmund freud do for mother's day ? his mom . 
my idea of flirting is giving a girl 1 of my 10 tacos . 
i heard y'al l don't like bird jokes this could get a little hawkward 
never get into fights with ugly people , they have nothing to lose . 
what's canada's favorite board game ? sorry 
i dance like people wish they weren't watching . 
homeless people have been known to step outside the box . 
lone crow arrested ... ... for attempted murder 
what animal's alphabet is just like ours ? a baby ceel's 
giving my liver a rocky balboa style pep talk 
what do you call jokes that belong to everyone ? r jokes 
what's a scientologist's favourite piece of furniture in rivendell ? elrond's cupboard . 
groaner have you guys seen viking wars ? it stars harrison fjord . 
whats the most common day to get sick on ? achoosday 
i watched a horror movie about pogo sticks . too many jump scares . 
what did mozart and beethoven do whilst in the grave ? decompose 
i got arnold schwarzenegger into baroque music ... he'll be bach . 
chuck norris tears cure cancer it's too bad chuck norris never cries 
what's whitney houstons's favourite type of co - ordination ? hand - eeeeeyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeee 
where do you put the duke ? in the duke box ! 
why can't two even numbers be together ? the odds are against them . 
what's a dyslexic stoner's favorite phone brand ? htc . 
never doubt a woman with an extensive vocabulary . 
my pants are also my iphone grease wipes . 
the problem with some people is that they're alive . 
a closed mouth gathers no fries . 
what is my favorite rhetorical question ? 
if time is money are atm's time machines ? 
why is charlie sheen always seen smiling ? because he's so damn positive ! 
i had to factory reset my phone . . i found nickelback on it 
why did the lemon turn green ? because he had lime disease 
why doesn't achilles have any scars ? his wounds always heel . 
what criminal doesn't take baths ? a dirty crook . 
walking around naked is a great motivator to get back to the gym 
the thief who stole my calendar ... got 12 months . 
what's a banana's favorite gymnastic event ? the splits 
my buddy david lost his id so now i just call him dave . 
" let's make sure there's 3 miles of handicap parking . " - walmart 
if you're not into barrier reefs you will hate the great barrier reef 
my psychiatrist said my exhibitionist disorder was incurable . i'll show her . 
how do you spell " apathy " ? i don't care . 
welcome to cupcake yoga ! nomnomaste . 
when a skinny man goes diving what do you call it ? skinny dipping 
breaking news : siamese twins sign for man united . 
kenya ? yukon . 
why people who work with computers have a lot of spare time 
goldsmiths , what is your profession ? au , au , au . 
who drives away all of his customers ? a taxicab driver . 
teachers call me a fish because i'm below c level 
why are wires addicted to electricity ? they can't resist . 
alcohol is a misunderstood vitamin . 
i don't do hard liquor ... ... i liquor hard 
dear reddit , what your least favorite punchlines ? whoops , wrong sub 
you're iq's lower than your shoe size . 
dark why do mathematicians love hitler ? he had the final solution . 
define irony : the opposite of wrinkly 
what vegetable needs a plumber ? a leek . 
what is fortunato's one weakness ? cryptonight . 
sometimes when i go to a buffet ... i tip myself . 
know how being wanted feels like ? just imagine how oil fields like 
what was hitler's favourite beer ? pure blonde 
blind snipers have no idea what they're missing . 
i couldn't figure out how to use a seatbelt but then it clicked . 
what's worse than a plastic bag filled with dead babies ? nickelback 
why does it smell so bad in russia ? everybody loves putin ! 
what kind of pig do sows dislike ? male chauvinist pigs . 
what do you call spaghetti made by jamaican ? rasta pasta . 
a programmer goes on a walk xd 
rip is the lol of dying ... 
before facebook , you had to " like " things with your feelings . 
what do horses drink at the bar ? chardon - neigh 
chelsea fc captain had a night to forget , his performance was terryble 
where does a fish keep his life savings ? in a riverbank : d 
what are baby witches called ? halloweenies . 
you know why i don't have a spine ? the french needed it . 
what's the worst part about meeting someone with parkinson's ? shaking hands . 
are you christmas , because i want to merry you . 
how did charlie sheen get hiv ? by injecting tiger blood 
who was the last president of china ? yes he was . 
french guns for sale ! never fired , dropped only once . 
jesus wasn't angry at the soldiers who crucifixed him he was just crossed . 
no man can hold me down . that's what women are for . 
what type of jokes do sikhs hate ? puns 
your girlfriend isn't hallucinating man , she's actually seeing other people . 
what if lollipops moaned when you licked them ? 
i consider myself to be ... a reflexive pronoun . 
what kind of whale flies ? pilot whales ! 
my arm is asleep . let's draw mustaches on it . 
what moisturiser do bullfighters use ? olay . 
thinking of cryogenically freezing myself until they can find a cure for unemployment . 
what do fishermen do at a their conferences ? network . 
twitter goes over capacity more than kirstie alley's home elevator . 
knock knock jokes didn't go down well at the homeless shelter . 
* gets toy out of packaging , earns engineering degree 
how high is a stoner sailor ? sea level . 
you stare at frozen juice cans because they say , " concentrate " . 
what does hillary clinton and donald trump have in common ? jeffrey epstein . 
what do you call it when batman leaves religion christian bale 
had to fire my personal trainer . he dint do squat . 
i think we all know lincoln chaffee won the democratic debate last night . 
sometimes i enjoy my steak undercooked , but that's rare . 
i just shook my keyboard upside down . breakfast is served . 
why are you all sweaty ? i was watching cops 
i call all dogs puppies , regardless of age . they like it . 
the garlic eater by i malone 
i don't always add and multiply , just sum times 
who steals from the poor and gives to the rich ? robbin hood 
my fake plant died because i didn't pretend to water it . 
gold fish don't like being pulled out of their tank for a cuddle . 
the flat earth community has supporters all around the globe . 
what does kim jong un do when he's angry ? removed 
it's weird to sit and not eat , right ? 
what is the most popular band in japan ? fall out boy 
i want to tell you guys a small joke it's very puny ! 
why are there no walmarts in syria because there's a target on every corner 
what deadly disease can bowls contract ? ebowla 
chuck norris jokes http : chuck - norris - jokes . com 
one time , a cow saved my life it was bovine intervention . 
what's in a honeymoon salad ? lettuce alone , without dressing ... 
what's a golf club's favorite type of music ? swing ! 
everyone is furious about trump's greatest crime : beating a woman 
jessica biel's dad's first name is batmo . 
you could kidnap my mom and she'd still ask if you've eaten . 
i just realized something about how i browse reddit 
i've never seen a chameleon . good job , chameleons . 
seize the day ! * sees the day , goes back to bed * 
i need a 6 month vacation , twice a year 
what do you call camp for starving cats ? meow - schwitz . 
scottish independence 
i was born during the great depression ... my mothers . 
it's only a restroom if you fall asleep in the stall . 
what's the pope's favorite power tool ? a cathedrill 
i bet you 80908429702979720947290472390749270 ... that you didn't read that number : 
i fake all my origamis . 
coolest part of a space ship is the radiator . 
not all fat people are jolly some of them are women 
what type of pasta is no longer used in canada ? penny ... 
i'm taking your mom to the new british dollar store pound town . 
ideas that aren't profitable don't make any cents 
what did jesus say to peter ? hebrew 
drugs are bad ... when they wear off . 
how did the terrorist get into czechoslovakia ? they didn't czech his papers . 
what does a new tesla car smells like ? elon musk 
where do we keep our thoughts detained ? in brain cells ! 
where does a beaver priest live ? in a god dam house ! 
drunk drivers run stop signs stones wait for them to turn green . 
trump can't release his taxes putin hasn't sent his w2s yet 
heading home early on a friday to enjoy some quality wifi time 
i hung out with a mushroom today . what a fungi . 
what's a bananas favourite business to own ? a peel - estate business 
what is a pirates favorite firework ? m80 
what does the scottish man say after love making ? i love ewe ! 
lets be honest oscar pistorius will never set foot in a prison 
musical contradiction piano is my forte . 
rip 2012 2012 - 2012 
i once knocked out a champion boxer ... i'm still banned from crufts . 
why didn't beethoven sell his house ? he put it up fur elise ! 
what kind of music do phones love to hear ? a symphony 
you know what's been making headlines ? corduroy pillows 
let's call trump the " second place president . " he'll love that . 
hey tim burton , it's okay to be out of ideas . 
man creates taser for sheep what happens next will shock ewe ! 
snitching is common in thompkins square park it's full of rats 
my parents are so proud of me ! i won a math debate . 
wakes up grumpy , but most days he just lets her sleep ... . 
how does someone pay for a painting ? with monet 
just spilled red wine all over my insides . 
turn that robert frowney jr upside downey jr . 
call your laptop what it really is : bed tv . 
the difference between fiction and reality ? fiction has to make sense . 
why's everyone hating mayweather , i think it feels great out 
i'm gonna win that ps4 from taco bell tomorrow 
i'm really into chomsky , noam sayin ? 
heading out for drinks , bail money's on top of the fridge . 
why are programmers good husbands ? because they're good at commiting . 
we don't have mistletoe at christmas so we just kiss under the influence . 
bury it ... ... it's my dad's dead joke . 
why do spanish beaches have a lot of women ? cos they're playas . 
i'm just off for a meeting with an indian car maker . tata . 
this post has nothing to do with elephants . it's irrelephant . 
why does garfield hate mondays ? he doesn't have a job . 
what is the most offensive coffee to tornado victims ? house blend . 
what's a jedi's favourite programming language ? jabbascript 
why was number 4 blushing ? she saw 2 and 3 halving six 
bjork is my favourite singer - songwriter ikea side table . 
here's my complete guide to art of trolling . enjoy ! 
i did squats today . mostly because i was hiding from a coworker . 
lol at birds that walk places . 
why did the shark spit out the clown ? because he tasted funny ! 
for sale : 5yr old bmw turn signals like new ! 
which fish can perform operations ? a sturgeon ! 
today i broke my leg but it's going tibia okay 
fey items are full of irony . 
we were going to install underfloor heating ... but we got cold feet . 
joke is on you what's the opposite of funny ? answer : jay leno 
do you like taco bell ? then you'll love real food ! 
oh my god , hotels . relax . my stay was fine . 
roses are red violets are blue undeleted txts will be used against you 
i'm not gonna be able to come out tonight i already sat down 
i just saw an honest political leader , riding a unicorn . 
rihanna just started dating chris brown he struck her as a violent person 
what was special about three - eyed suzie ? she had no legs . 
there was a sniper here anybody s . . 
a plane full of lawyers die in a crash . thats the joke . 
why does the communist party hate planes ? because they're always stalin 
i like long walks on the beach and lying about being married . 
what do you say when god sneezes ? go bless yourself . 
what do you call shy bladder incidents ? frozen pees 
what's an acceptable absolute zero ? 0k . 
how did the duck become a junkie ? he was addicted to quack . 
my cat is an artist he drew blood 
who is the supreme religious leader of the corns ? pope corn ! 
what what juan's twin sister named ? i don't know , juana guess ? 
i joined a cribbage cult recently they practice peggin rituals 
your momma so fat i'm seriously concerned for her health 
don't let go of your dreams press snooze 
you have to be pretty ballsy ... to get a vasectomy ... 
twitter . finally an app that makes people stop at yellow lights . 
request best one liners i just want to hear some of the best ... 
no one ever talks about peter pans brother . peter pots 
wife - without information fighting everytime : 
why are giraffe's heads so far away from their bodies ? long necks . 
i like your name thanks i got it for my birthday 
what did david do when he hand all his bones removed nothing . 
why are female golfers better than male golfers ? because they swing both ways 
it's nice that lions don't mind looking like 80's rock stars . 
what has a bottom at its top ? my life . _ . 
brexit , for france adieu 
in hindsight , we shouldn't have given the cat her own checking account . 
what do you call a big trash can ? a dumpster . lolololol 
what do you call a dothraki mathematician khal culator 
some people think stalking is wrong ... i call those people cops 
jklmnopqrst that's all that stands between u and i : 
what does a cannibal eat with cheese ? pickled organs . 
what idiot called it a national anthem instead of country music ? 
why don't we elect fat presidents any more ? because they don't run . 
i quit my job as an accountant it was just too taxing 
what moved less than jenny mccarthy's forehead tonight ? mariah carey's mouth . 
i guess traffic is spending the night because it brought its jammies . 
many rastafarian babies are born out of dreadlock . 
mehh goat , sighing . . 
what is it called when someone gets destroyed at online chess ? extreme pawnage 
do mermaids smoke seaweed ? 
mute the voices in your head by eating really crunchy food . 
what happens when two smurfs are in love ? they smuck 
what does the dentist of the year get ? ... a little plaque . 
consciousness : that annoying time between naps . 
is your refrigerator running ? better go catch it ! 
what is an ewoks favorite hotel accommodation ? an endor pool ! 
you can convince people to go anywhere with the promise of free food . 
dad joke : what time do monkeys poop ? tree turdy . 
p diddy or p didn't he ? 
how does a russian bomb explode ? kaboomshki 
i'm against vaccination ! vaccines save lives and i'm against overpopulation ! 
my plans must be so fat they never work out . 
why dont bicycles pedal backwards ? ? ? because than it would be recycling 
i would make a joke about gold but that would just be auful 
charlie and the chocolate factory is basically saw , but with desserts . 
dates a zombie : so someone finally likes me for my brain . 
can a guy with no eyebrows look surprised ? 
when my wife wants my opinion , she'll give it to me . 
people with a sense of humor are so much easier to talk to . 
how does a yoga instructor turn down an invite ? namaste home tonight . 
just went into a women's restroom and lifted all the toilet seats . 
what is long , brown and covered in flies ? the welfare line . 
i found the best comment about what's been happening to reddit deleted 
how do you climb a triangle ? by scalene it 
where have you been all my life ? please go back there . 
hi girl r u a beaver ? cuz dam . 
marriage is like a coffin and each kid is another nail . 
he died doing what he loved most ... correcting my grammar . 
all my tweets are based on true events that happened in my head . 
how did timmy dodge the oncoming car ? he didn't 
two irishmen walk out of a bar 
how do you organise games in pompeii ? make aedile . 
what do you call pigs in a demolition derby ? crashing boars . 
what happened when the wheel was invented ? it caused a revolution . 
i told a deer joke once . it was very fawny . 
why was the sublime cover band so bad ? they don't practice santeria . 
horse floats found to be incorrectly labeled in ferry disaster . 
heard the wall street journal just dropped facebook stock results to the comics section 
why did china lose ww2 ? because their weapons were made in china 
xpost : showerthoughts knock - knock jokes should win the no - bell prize 
if you hate us so much , stop using our internet 
my girlfriend is like an australian olympian she always comes second . 
what does the chicago cubs's name stand for ? completely useless by september 
what did wendy do when she first saw captain hook ? she peedherpants 
" sacre gray ! " - colorblind french guy 
what brand of vodka does a canadian drink ? grey moose 
you aren't supposed to strip during zumba . apparently . 
the memory on my phone is fifa'ed sorry ... . . corrupt . 
you're a guy , therefore you can't " hehehehe " . 
who you must not greet on a plane ? hi jack ! 
if you think you're frustrated , try teaching an italian sign language . 
happy mother's day reddit ! what did you get your mom ? 
" no ! " - an a to z guide to parenting . 
donald and hillary walk into a presidential debate . and america walks out 
people say i've got no willpower but i've quit smoking loads of times . 
what could boston marathon bombers do that hitler couldn't ? end a race . 
why can't you trust a snowman ? because they're all a bunch of flakes 
what's a basketball players favorite kind of cheese ? swish cheese . 
any restaurant can be family style if the waiter criticizes your order 
what's the current number one song in russia ? crimea river 
pro tip : most pro tips are given by amateurs . 
what the ambani brothers said to each other i cannot reliance on the other 
q : how's your visit in north korea ? a : can't complain ... 
4 out of 5 people say han shot first he actually shot 5th 
r news mods did a great job today ... get it ? 
which vampire tried to eat james bond ? ghouldfinger . 
what are cows favorite party games ? moo - sical chairs ! 
i was reading a story about a proctologist ... it hit pretty deep . 
what's the hottest album in hell right now ? views from the 666 
you're not old until a teenager describes you as middle - aged . 
vegetarians must hate themselves because they're made of meat . 
what did the scientist say when he created something super basic ? extraordinary 
what do you call a veal - birthing cow ? de - calf 
wrong spellers . . untie ! ! 
despite constantly dropping the ball ... gravity is pretty reliable 
deleting your facebook is the new regaining your dignity . 
what do nuns call air conditioning in a prison ? a convent ! 
you call them natural disasters . i call them destructive criticism . 
some women have mood swings ... others have mood theme parks . 
you cant have crisis without isis 
a man proposes to his girlfriend . she has one condition . syphilis . 
what is the difference between will smith and scotland ? independence day 
this is gold au 
at the karma cafe , there is no menu you get what you deserve 
what's an anagram for banach tarski ? ransack habit 
craigslist is useful until you need a list of people named craig . 
i'm not just pms - ing . i'm ovary acting . 
why couldn't the fruit get married ? they cantaloupe 
what is an umbrella doing in the shower ? practicing 
50 cent is only a quarter of what he used to be . 
can i still watch 300 if i haven't seen the first 299 
i tried throwing away my old boomerang but it keeps coming back 
i knew a person who was against warrior princesses he was a xenaphobe 
eggs . dyed for our sins . 
one time cancer got a terminal case of chuck norris . 
where did the grim reaper find his missing keys ? on death's drawer . 
discretion is being able to raise your eyebrow instead of your voice . 
my friend failed astronomy ... i failed too , if it's any constellation . 
what does donald trump's hair get at the end of each day ? removed 
i got some weed and hoes . let's do some gardening ! 
girls lives are tough . 
warning : 18 19 
what are mozart and beethoven up to these days ? they're both decomposing 
why do people in tumblr like quantum computing ? because it's non binary 
where did the easter bunny go to college ? johns hopkins ! 
damn girl are you a graveyard because i'm dying to get in you 
what's the fastest drink in the world ? sonic the eggnog . 
hunger games . zimbabwe's favorite pastime . 
what did we call it before computers ? the mail room 
my jokes are so dark whenever i use it it starts picking cotton . 
god grades on the cross , not the curve . 
my purse is deeper than some people . 
everyone's a contrarian these days ... well , except for me of course . 
my irony detector is defective . it detects everything except irony . 
ketchup bottle joke source inside 
what do you call trees that grow in tobago ? tobogany . 
what does a drunk police officer do ? protect and swerve . 
my friends started to call me carlos ... because i lost my car . 
which cheese is the loneliest ? prov - alone ! 
q : what kind of limes open doors ? a : key limes . 
what does a pirate wear if he works at apple ? ipatch 
another casualty of 2016 ... ronda rousey's mma career 
anyone can beat a polygraph . it doesn't even have hands . 
phil hughs at least he died having a bat 
where the woman's neck ends the infinity begins . 
have you heard about betty the cow ? she's outstanding in her field . 
my dance moves are so white charlie sheen tried to snort them . 
what do fish call a submarine ? unidentified floating object 
what does a pirate with back spasms say ? shiver me lumbars . 
cigarettes that help you quit chewing gum . 
punny jokes penicillin is worth its weight in mold . 
i always thought a shih tzu was ... a zoo without animals . 
call 613 - 745 - 1576 for good time 
i am wearing a jacket , because my mom felt cold . 
what band is a cow favorite ? moody blues 
two beans on the east coast of australia ended up in cairns . 
trampolines used to be called jumpolines ... then your mom jumped on one ! 
i was saddam tired last night ... . i slept like iraq ... 
time to get out of bed and worry from another location . 
i've had 6 cups of coffee and am about to shave my pet cactus 
breaking : brad and angelina have broken up . thousands of kids homeless . 
where is the only place engineers are considered artistic ? brooklyn 
happy new year ! ! sorry i use internet explorer . 
how did the metal get the wrong idea ? he was misled . 
yo mama hair so short when she braided it they looked like stiches . 
what is love ? baby don't hurt me . 
remember people , good manners is what separates us from the french . 
what do terrorist witches ride ? boomsticks 
her phone display is brighter than her future . 
how did metallica get their band name ? they bonded over lunch . 
judging by their knives , the swiss army is mostly bartenders . 
why is africa so bad at cricket ? because they only have ebola ! 
guy went to the toilet , took the piss . 
what comes after the night of the superbowl ? the superbowel 
where do old bowling balls end up ? in the gutter ! 
i recently took up meditation ... . . it beats sitting around doing nothing 
all liquor stores are open 24 hours . when you have a brick . 
what do africans want to be for halloween ? not infected . 
why do men like bmws ? because they can spell it . lol lol 
pollinator ? i barely even nectar ! 
why are the soviets russian ? because there's no stalin . 
who do zombie cowboys fight ? deadskins . 
michael brown , freddie gray ... the police really don't like colored people . 
you had me at : i'm calling the police . 
this isn't an office . it's hell with fluorescent lighting . 
enjoy your animal shaped biscuits . do not eat if seal is broken . 
the camera adds like 10 - 15 crooked teeth . - steve buscemi 
hot air rises that explains why donald trump is so popular . 
what i if told you ... ... you read the first line wrong ? 
why is the ocean blue ? because the fish go blublublu . 
a blonde once shot an arrow into the air ... but missed ! 
i said to my wife barb , you make an excellent point . 
* tucks shirt in * " goodnight , shirt . " 
what kind of books do fruit read ? pulp fiction 
squirrels nature's speed bumps . 
what's a large bird hiding in the bushes called ? a lurkey turkey . 
money is the root of all wealth . 
guy in wheelchair spotted on google earth lol 
what do you call the teacher who lost her baby ? miss carriage 
why did the mobster buy a planner ? so he could organize his crime 
what's hitler's favourite vw ? a golf 
where do flying pigs land ? the airpork ! 
i require latvian jokes please , they're so funny . 
hannibal lecter has opened a turkish resutrant . they only serve organ doners 
i've always wanted to rewrite history but couldn't decide on the font . . 
what's a rebel's favorite key on a keyboard ? an r key . 
did you see the movie about oil and water ? it's immiscible . 
what do you call fast food emergencies ? emergen - cheese . : 3 
already resenting that i have to wake up tomorrow . 
when fnatic plays on fy_snow ... olafmeister gets an ace 
what do bulimic stone masons do ? binge and parge . 
if a wife is silent and not arguing it means she's sleeping . 
what do a pediatrician and podiatrist have in common ? their patients are 2 
why are farmers so afraid of aliens ? tractor beams . 
if the facts don't fit the theory , change the facts . 
where will everyone be sitting at carrie fisher's funeral pew pew pew 
what's your new years resolution ? mine's 1920x1080 . 
what do you call a tv show about female puberty ? a breasted development 
if a dog tells you you're dreaming ... believe him . 
construction worker not wearing his safety gear nsfw 
a sincere apology is like coffee . don't talk to me beforehand . 
do the spectators at golf tournaments know they don't have to be there 
i saw some ducks practicing their teenage girl faces down by the pond today 
what do lightning bolts do when they laugh ? - they crack up 
how much energy does hova's delorean require ? 1 . 21 jigga watts 
which popstar cuts down trees ? michael lumberjackson 
league of legends joke i think i'm better than faker lolll - alex 
why did the the acrophobe pothead start screaming ? she's afraid of heights . 
hey hedgehogs , how about leaving some hedges for the rest of us ? 
a mod joke . pls mods , just don't delete . deleted 
society's a wreck because superman has nowhere to change . 
i'm diabetic , so could you pour some splenda on me instead ? 
girls that don't care about size are just shallow . 
what do west africans eat for dinner . ebola soup . 
you know what's funny about internet explorer ? punch line buffering ... 
who's got two thumbs and might be doing this police lineup wrong ? 
george washington's bark was from the same tree as his bite . 
imagine how trendy the clothes are at new navy . 
yo mama so old that she's still carbon dating . 
where's the best place to buy jive cheese ? monterey , jack ! 
til how to time travel and man do i miss reddit . 
what's a commercial fisherman's favorite instrument ? castanets ! 
i was so disappointed when i found out my ants were farming weed 
what did uranium - 238 say to helium when they first met ? idk 
why do american bears have forelimbs ? they have the right to bear arms 
what's online , about to comment , and very judgmental ? 
what do you call gasoline that comes in first place ? win diesel 
what kind of std does a bird get ? chirpies . : - 
if beethoven's music had base in it ... he would be basethoven . 
what kind of fish is useful in freezing weather ? skate ! 
why can't you trust 8 ? cause she's a two - timin four . 
be careful ! someone's using this sub to target victims he's a real predditor 
why should civil war be taken seriously ? because it's syria's business . 
i'll never forget the first time we met although , i'll keep trying . 
what do you call bumblebee fetuses ? honey nut cheerios 
please deposit all your anti - jokes here : 
why can't people with alzheimer's tell a joke ? 
" i can't begin to tell y - " " good . " 
i just realized alaska has some really weird city names did juneau that ? 
name one thing taylor swift doesn't have in her purse her boyfriend's phone number 
alzheimer's joke might be a repost 
living in switzerland wouldn't be so bad . the flag is a plus . 
my favourite 6 , 835 
how many australians have been killed by ebola ? just one , phillip hughes 
a man asked for directions to the guillotine festival ... it's just ahead . 
it's crazy how tornadoes know which states don't matter to us . 
generally , all generalisations are false . 
great minds think alike ... that's why we have so many opinions in america 
i am single by choice . choice of 2 billion women . 
who do penguins celebrate hanukkah with ? the icebergs 
two consonants and a vowel go into a bar ... 
why does everyone in breath mint commercials have to be so horny 
mosquitos are like family . annoying but they carry your blood . 
if trump wins the election i am __________________ fill in the blank 
what do you call someone who crashes flying dinosaurs into buildings ? a pterrorist 
joke what goes oom oom 
that was samuel jackson's first ever public appearance without saying " mother ucker " 
what do you call hindu ideas about pacifism ? naan violence 
why couldn't the amputee rob the bank ... because he was unarmed 
iama hot dog cart owner , ama my weiner ! 
what company makes nerds ? your mom . 
i've seen so many adam sandler films ... it's not even funny . 
your mom dropped you off today ... she was fined for littering 
but seriously folks , what is joe walsh's best album ? 
don't hate the playa ... hate the spanish word for beach . 
my phone won't let me be depressed . it autocorrected : to : 
great to meet you too , person i'll never see again . 
exercise machines are just torture devices with better marketing campaigns . 
my wife's just like my kids ... imaginary 
i have a mammoth erection . it's gotta be worth a fortune . 
what is stannis baratheon's favorite genre of metal ? grindcore 
dwayne johnson , paper , scissors 
give a man religion ... ... and he will die praying for a fish 
how did captain hook die ? jock itch . 
poured my cat some almond milk now she has bangs drives a prius . 
just landed my dream job of " before " picture 
why is my girlfriend fat ? because i'm ugly . 
how to make your dreams come true ? have a stage 4 cancer 
we need a new name for the bible . how about : diy salvation 
what are the most athletic rodents ? track and field mice . 
america needs to build a statue of the man who killed hitler 
why was the pianist so depressed ? because they weren't good at chopin . 
what did the depressed plankton do ? it krilled iself ! 
a banker friend of mine had a breakup recently he lost interest . 
conspiracy theories aren't real . they're all lies made by the government . 
what goes into the mouth of a quarter horse ? two bits ! 
do apes kiss ? yes but never on the first date ! 
what's the difference between dark and hard it stays dark all night 
what happened in france ? did they release a gta go ? 
q : did you hear about the blonde that invented the solar flashlight ? 
which band does donald trump dislike the most ? foreigner . 
this kitty has really overstayed its welcome . all hello and no goodbye . 
does a priest have a wife ? he has nun . 
ate raspberries for the first time in a while . i got retarted . 
* takes out one earbud * " not guilty , your honor " 
smile is the only curved line that can make everything straight 
how do you compliment a pickle rapper's verse ? that was dill ! 
god creating kangaroos let's make a horse rabbit . 
i'm long , brown , and i love bowls . jimi hendrix . 
i've been considering studying abroad ... ... but i'm afraid she might notice . 
my signature move is illegal in 37 states . 
deep down ... ... i knew scuba diving wasn't for me . 
starting to think these herman cain commemorative coins were a bad investment . 
what's your best pick up line ? cocaine edit : spelling 
jesus went to wal - mart he couldn't believe all the savings . 
if you've never played tetris , you're probably useless at loading a dishwasher . 
me : i think this diet is gonna work . cheese : no . 
what kind of bees eat brains ? zombees 
no autocorrect , i don't want to bang a bunch of hot chimps . 
i think if i was blind i would enjoy walmart . 
a french pastry was stalking me this morning i felt really creped out 
i think my dog is an alcoholic . he can't hold his licker . 
why can't you eat a wookie ? because they're too chewie ! 
what is stevie wonder's favorite guitar chord ? c minor 
what is a norweigan's compact car of choice ? a fjord fjocus . 
emptying spam me : why do i have so much canned meat ? 
i have a solution to procrastination i will tell you tomorrow 
what do elves learn at school ? the elf - abet ! 
who does dracula get letters from ? his fang club . 
why don't dogs make good dancers ? because they have two left feet ! 
who is the smelliest hairiest monarch in the world ? king pong . 
what's worse than 9 11 ? 311 credit goes to my friend max . 
when an 8 falls over it's an infinity til it gets up . 
what do you call knocked up tomato sauce prego 
a free product means ... to free you of your money 
that good buddy on facebook who likes your status because nobody else will . 
how many of you believe in telekinesis ? raise my hand ! 
what's a boomerang called that's not coming back ? a stick . 
no one at this funeral has mentioned what the hashtag is yet 
vacuum the cat , its easier than vacuuming his hair from the whole house 
i have way less energy than your average haunted doll . 
when it comes to russian roulette . . . . 5 6 approve 
i've been researching marriages til : death does us apart . 
everywhere is walking distance if you have the time . 
q . where do tired linedancers go for breakfast ? a . ihop 
go on vacation in poland ... ... your car is already there ! 
sometimes it's fun to walk out of the ladies room licking your fingers . 
what's yellow and goes around ? a banana in the washing machine . 
why did victoria get fired ? i don't know 
i bought perforated paper once it was a total rip off 
i hate bad jokes . they should be pun - ishable by law . 
hey man , just be yourself ! not like that though . 
vampire selfies are just phones floating in front of bathroom mirrors . 
i need another name for a dinosaur . i should consult the thesaurus . 
what did saddam hussein say every time he played pool ? i rack . 
hipsters is what happens when you tell every child they're special . 
" paypal me your lunch money ! " - cyber bullies 
" let me put it this way . . " gist of kamasutra 
necrophiliac jokes are dead boring 
these fall allergies are on me like the nypd cause i can't breathe . 
vegetarian : native american definition for " lousy hunter " . 
what color do smurfs turn if you choke them ? 
gravity is such a bully ... it always brings us down . 
what colour is eight ? purple according to my 3 year old son 
tumblr what shoes does a tumblr girl wear ? * ughs * 
what band was harambe in ? gorillaz 
vegetarians maliciously starve animals by competing with them for the same food . 
what about a to - don't list ? 
knock knock . who's there ? braaaaaaeeeeeeeeeeeeeooooooooooooooooouwwwwwwwwwhhhhhhhhhooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo it's a whale joke ! 
* accidentally answers phone call * * pretends to be answering machine * 
bob dylan's singing sounds like me insisting i'm okay to drive . 
what human organ would survive the longest in the hunger games ? the liver 
try toasting ... it raises your spirits . 
why did i quit my job in mexico ? it didn't peso well . 
you say pervert with a telescope . i say biological astronomer . 
how do you greet people at a funeral ? mourning , everybody ! 
what is yellow and wears a mask ? the lone lemon . 
why didn't the cold war happen ? russia kept stalin it 
i know how to feed a nation ... but will she eat it ? 
my grandma was recently beaten to death . . by my granddad 
how do you define a will ? hint : it's a dead giveaway . 
what happens to a frog that parks illegally ? he gets toad . 
you'll never guess who i came across the other day ... your mom ! 
who is a penguin's favorite relative ? his aunt arctica 
the us judicial system 
my last relationship was so bad , it featured pitbull . 
terrorists in hawaii be like . . . . aloha akbar . 
i hate waiting in lines . hurry up and pick a suspect already . 
worstchristmasgiftever soap on a rope from jerry sandusky 
i don't mind comic sans . it's honestly a very well rounded font . 
met a hot isis girl jihad me at hello 
what does a waffle call his complete existential paradigm shift ? his eggo death 
" oh yeah " - me , remembering iowa exists . 
so i found out a new way to piss people off 
what do you call two rows of cabbages ? a dual cabbageway ! 
turned off autocorrect and i've never been happyer . 
i'm not an expert on masturbating but i hold my own 
" war and peace 2 : woody saves buzz " tolstory 
what does a cowboy from colorado wear ? a 420 - gallon hat 
when chuck norris does division , there are no remainders . 
why did the horse go behind the tree ? to change his jockeys . 
i always hit " ignore call " with my middle finger . 
i thought i'd repost an old joke ... oops wrong sub ... 
we're having lobsters for dinner . update - we have pet lobsters now 
* me holding a human baby * i think this cat is broken 
what happened to the astronaut who was knocked out ? he saw stars . 
what musical group is jesus most afraid of ? nine inch nails 
the economic breakfast by roland marge 
what's your amplitude for charm - strange mixing ? 
after watching interstellar , i really want to buy a lincoln . 
michael cera melting like a slug because there's too much salt on his fries 
how'd the stomach know the food went bad it was a a gut feeling 
well - it's not the first time donald has left a bush disappointed ... 
donald trump is a mac user ... he's not a fan of pc culture 
math is a drama queen . it can't seriously have that many problems . 
how do real partners in crime jokingly introduce themselves to people ? 
a serial killer that targets anyone who pronounces the " s " in illinois 
what's red and blue and sogs up your easter basket ? coloured scrambled eggs 
aren't you too fat to be this rude ? 
what's the best way to be on instagram and in life ? selfless 
how do you make a tame duck wild ? annoy it . 
why's guantanamo bay full of actors ? because they all shot pilots . 
i have four problems in life ... ... counting , remembering and counting . 
why couldn't the lake birds get along ? because they were swan enemies . 
rip bugs bunny attempts to reanimate him failed . 
if it requires pants or a bra ... it aint happening . 
what function puts you in the danger zone the log gins function ! 
love in 2013 means answering each other's texts immediately . 
which burgers love to act ? ham - burgers ! 
i have kids now ... their parents must be angry . 
ayy loam ayy loam i soiled myself ! 
til a french man named philippe fallope invented the flip flop 
what version of windows does jesus use ? xp 
what's a blondes idea of natural childbirth ? no make - up . 
how do i know i'm not daniel day - lewis ? 
two chromosomes responsible for a divorce ex and why 
a guide to hating people . step 1 : get to know them . 
susie has no arms knock knock ! who's there ? not susie 
taco bell is human drano 
a nativity scene but with a giant burrito instead of a baby jesus 
i judge you by what's behind you in your photos . 
beyonce was destiny's child . the other two were adopted . 
heard about the fruit that became a president ? he got impeached . 
one fifth of people ... ... are just too tense ! 
what did octavian say when he stormed cleopatra's gardens ? caesar salad 
why did mr . potato head go to prison . hash browns . 
* somehow manages to beep at you sarcastically * 
who called it a dinosaur rap battle instead of a reptile diss function 
the hairdresser's oath first , harm no do ... 
why was mary jane not a virgin ? her mother leaves . 
fallout spoiler i heard fallout 4 is a real blast from the past ... 
why are french snails faster than american snails ? l'es s cargo 
what do you get when op gets erections ? qr 
my life selling houses by con allday 
* cheats at bowling by rolling into the pins * 
why don't fairies live under toadstools ? because there's not mushroom ! 
public bathrooms are why parkour was invented . 
what do cannibals eat to freshen their breath ? men toes . 
a hug is basically a mini hostage situation . 
what is your favourite variable ? i'm not sure , it's always changing . 
grocery store flowers show someone you care slightly more than not at all . 
why couldn't the jedi open the door ? he didn't use enough force ... 
there's no logical reason for shorts to be the same price as pants . 
what hired killer never goes to jail ? the exterminator . 
where do hipsters drown ? the mainstream . 
all refugees are terrorists . that's the punchline no that's actually the punchline 
what do you call an englishmam in the euro championship final a referee 
the worst part of a photographic memory is keeping all the negatives . 
8 out of every 5 people are mathematically illiterate 
at the end of the day , it's 11 : 59pm . 
i'm friends with a statue . he's really a gneiss guy . 
why wouldn't blastoise share with charizard ? he was a shellfish pokemon . 
shoutout to librarians ! * sorry * 
face it . our planet is bipolar . 
40 - 32 2 4 ! - 1 12 lt 3 maths 
what did the pope give up for lent ? his job . 
a russian walks into an alchohal rehab facility ... wait ... what ? 
the filling in fortune cookies tastes like paper . . 
do you get extra points for killing two birds with another bird ? 
whoa bltch you dont look like a 100 likes in person . 
where does russia get its water from ? de - stalinization plants 
wanna go on a picnic ? alpaca lunch . 
i run faster when i hear country music than sirens . 
i started teaching rednecks spanish se habla espan ya'll 
saturday usually followfriday 
when done right parallel parking is a beautiful thing to watch . 
guys , i don't think we should drink so much yesterday . 
what kind of math do feminists study ? triggernometry 
yo momma's so pale ... i felt like a snow plow last night . 
who busted you out of iraq ? well actually , i - ran 
why do people beat their clocks ? to kill time . 
urban outfitters is just spencer gifts in a fedora . 
why do africans wear baggy pants ? because their knee grows . 
free throws are just as good as the store - bought kind . 
german humor ... it's no laughing matter . 
why dont't feminists go to church ? they can't stand saying " amen " 
said the porcupine , " i just love prickled onions . " 
if girls were dinosaurs they'd be dramasaurus . 
how do dinosaurs like their chicken ? rawwwwwwww ! ! ! ! 
what kind of soda do dogs drink ? barq's root beer . 
how often does the vampire go down on his wife ? periodically 
trump is supporting the minorities the minority of scientists that disbelieve global warming . 
now i really am just like christine o'do nnell not a senator 
how many coffees before i stop looking for shirts in my refrigerator 
stevie wonder walked into a bar he never saw it coming . 
i figured those penguins would thrive in our freezer but no . 
what's alex's from a clockwork orange preferred type of light ? ultraviolent 
her gravity 2001 : a space odyssey 
i don't see why everyone likes circles so much they're so pointless . 
i've got a turkish friend . she's not hot or cold . shawarma . 
what has caused caitlyn jenner to put on weight ? trans fats . 
i had a friend who was a mushroom he was a fungi . 
why are barns so noisy ? all the cows have horns 
what s the weight of a hipster ? one insta - gramm 
the developers of apple maps first big mistake was not calling it mapples . 
what on earth did the nasa discover ? nothing , it was on mars 
my new juice cleanse is called vodka with a side of tonic 
what did the german physicist call his beer mug ? ein stein . 
imagine a stadium full of furbies all talking at once 
are knee pads ... ... the perfect gift , for givers ? 
i call in sick on full moons just to make them wonder . 
where does the empire buy their robes ? the darth mall ! 
what do delinquent shapes get up to ? shenanigons 
" i think we should stab other people . " - masochists breaking up 
relationship status : taken for granted 
chimps broke out of ferguson zoo apparently they're starting fires across town . 
my sensitive toothpaste can't stop crying . 
calling someone one in a million in china means they aren't that special . 
what do you call a private , romantic rendezvous between two feet a podiatryst 
what's the tastiest part of a floppy disk ? the cookie ! 
diarrhea is just confirming the fact that you make poor life decisions . 
how long do chickens work ? around the cluck ! 
ronda rousey says she contemplated suicide . holly holm declined the rematch though . 
how does one find out the sensitivity of a gentleman's balls ? test tickles 
chuck norris plays racquetball with a waffle iron and a bowling ball . 
when you are dying ... make sure your final words fit on a tombst 
have you heard the joke they don't tell stupid people ? 
why does jay z love christmas ? because he's the best wrapper alive . 
need help with your math homework ? visit mcdonalds . com careers 
was the nintendo hungry ? nah , it 8 a byte earlier . 
i call seahorses just horses and the brown , cloppity ones landhorses . 
" just be yourself " is great advice to maybe 12 of people . 
teacher : what's a robin ? fred : a bird that steals ma'am . 
how do astronauts say they're sorry ? they apollo - gize . 
plot twist : two birds kill you with one stone . 
helen keller's two favorite colors corduroy and velcro 
yo mama nose so big she makes pinochio look like a cat ! 
what's long and thick and turns conservative women on ? the bible 
smile . your enemies hate it . 
what's the best way to send a letter to prince charles ? heir mail 
where do bears go after smoking some weed ? hibearnation 
i bought an iboat and it's syncing ! 
what is a joke that works on many levels ? hr department . 
so i had some oasis soup today ... got a roll with it ! 
i got 99 issues ... and they are all collectable national geographics . 
whats the most slippery country ? greece . 
what was the seagull's favorite online streaming service ? netfocks 
guys , i'm quitting halloween . i'm on the pumpkin patch ! 
i hate dolphins ... ... for all intents and porpoises . 
keeping busy in prison 
what's sarah palin's favorite thing to do in the summertime ? parah salin . 
are you a keyboard ? because you're my type ! 
i have a great vocabulary , just ask my um female dad 
what do you call a whore's laughter ? ho hos 
i just voted for pluto to be a planet again . 
what did gb say to eu ? peace out , euron eurown ! 
stop scrolling . you need to sleep . : 
i'm on hold and my call is important to them . 
i lost my rutabaga i'm sure it'll turnip somewhere . 
i need a joke for a medical residency interview ! halp ! 
it's impossible not to look creepy whispering to a child 
euphemism ? i ardly know im ! 
what do scottish owls sing ? owld lang syne . 
does french wine really taste like urine ? oui . 
how did the hipster narco escape from prison ? by going underground 
* ubers to my parking spot at costco * 
i got my girlfriend the perfect valentine's day present today . hand lotion . 
texting drivers running over texting pedestrians : a modern day zombie apocalypse . 
how does chris martin play monopoly ? with a paira , paira , pairadice 
life hack : sneak into doctor's waiting rooms instead of subscribing to magazines . 
the john deere manure spreader it's the only product the company won't stand behind 
what's the final product steve jobs released ? the idied 
my dementia keeps getting progressively fruit pants . 
shoutout to social anxiety but very quietly and while no one is looking 
good times crazy friends amazing memories . 
what disease do horses fear most ? hay fever ! 
i seasoned my beef with too much salt i'm salty . 
whats reddits favorite tv show ? the oc . 
you haven't seen a woman overreact until you tell her she is overreacting . 
jared to plead guilty to charges . sorry wrong sub . 
how do police informants begin their jokes ? nark nark 
if experience has taught me anything , i've forgotten what it was . 
wanna feel old ? 1990 was 40 years ago . 
the tinier the dog , the crazier the lady . 
what happens when a pizzaman does an ama on reddit ? op delivers . 
rio just listed a slightly used olympic stadium on ebay . 
how does a potato keep up with it's friends ? with google chromosome 
why does islam marginalize their women ? because she ain't special , shiite . 
think bobcats prefer to be called robertcats ? 
the pc term for christmas c : hristmas 
please don't make me say worcestershire out loud . 
whats green and yellow and eats nuts ? gonorrhea ! 
what is micheal bay's favorite phone ? the galaxy note 7 
where do you park two ships of theseus ? at a pair of docks 
stealing being illegal is why i can't have nice things . 
hey chumbawamba , we kept you down . 
carly is a pirate . because x marks the spot . 
what's brown and very bad for your dental health ? a baseball bat . 
did you hear buzz lightyear was arrested ? he was charged with battery . 
i know my limits : if i fell down it means enough . 
what bird can lift the most ? a crane 
i visited a dyslexic christian clairvoyant today ... she read my psalm 
you know why mayweather won't beat pacquiao ? pacquiao isn't his wife . 
everyone wants a white christmas ... but all christmases matter ! ! ! 
i love my kids like i love my flour ... self - raising . 
the failure of my business confounds me . it just doesn't make cents . 
i gave a paraplegic a rubik's cube ... left him completely stumped . 
schizophrenia ? more like schizofriendia . * voices agree * 
i'm shocked ... turns out toasters aren't waterproof . 
in order to catch herpes , u have to think like a herpes 
the letter n always has to be the centre of attention . 
why did medusa order pizza ? her boyfriend was stoned . 
if spiders ever figure out how to become ghosts , we're screwed . 
my teacher's got a pretty face if you can read between the lines . 
tan or get your teeth whitened . but only one of those . 
instructions for falling down stairs ... step 1 step 2 step 4 step 8 
how much for the ice cream scoop ? ma'am , that's a shovel . 
what would matthew mcconaughey eat if he were a horse ? mcconaughay 
help free the reindeer from sleighvery . 
what kind of cb radio do seagulls use ? squawky - talkies ! 
i'm in the terminator musical . i'll be bach . 
if you pronounce gullible very slowly it sounds like you're saying green bears . 
what kind of money do they use on superman's home planet ? kryptocurrency 
feminism : because not all women can be beautiful . 
boy that neil patrick harris is a real , man's man . 
i burned 1000 calories by lighting my arm on fire 
dear insane self - destructive people , thanks for music and art . 
herpes sounds like the name of a greek god 
i wonder what " don't touch " is in braille . 
don't drink and drive , might hit a bump and spill it . 
if a douchebag bungee jumps is it called a bro - yo ? 
i put a crippled guy above my infants crib he was a - mobile 
what's the similarity of the world series and lorde ? they'll never be royals 
what is a great way to baby - proof a house ? condoms 
in hell all the ball pits are filled with legos . 
what is formed at the end of mitosis ? my nailses 
my friend is so stupid that he thinks twice before saying nothing . 
r jokes it's funny because hardly anything here can be considered a joke . 
what does a menopausal vietnam vet suffer from ? hot flashbacks 
what is vladimir putins favorite food ? peaches and krim 
hell has free wifi but no outlets for phone chargers . 
can " born this way " apply to laziness ? 
just turned wine into vomit . your move jesus . 
let's legalize all drugs so americans finally learn the metric system . 
what is a chiropractor's favorite movie ? thoracic park 
at a funeral what happens to his leftover meds ? 
maybe design women's clothes so the person wearing it can also zip it . 
i just saved thousands on child support by never getting laid . 
sting was kidnapped last night the police are looking for a lead . 
they cooled a man to absolute zero he is 0k . 
what does hitler say when he stubs his toe ? aushwitz 
what time is it in new york city ? 5 past lundqvist 
girl are you monday because i am not looking forward to seeing you again 
what has eighteen legs and fetches a ball ? the philadelphia beagles ! 
dentist : don't worry . i'm painless . patient : i'm not . 
11 10 people don't understand statistics . 
in which state does the mississippi river flow ? liquid . 
why did the butcher sell his shop ? because he couldn't meat his expenses 
how dare you complain about your life ? someone's mom is snooki . 
i've got my first gamblers anonymous meeting tomorrow . 
what do you call a robbery of italian ice cream ? grand theft gelato 
what do people with aspergers do in the bathroom ? they take an aspie 
* gets lockjaw when putting on eyeliner * 
depressed ? 
you can't get good signal reception at a cemetery it's a dead spot . 
in order to always win in rock , paper , scissors ... shoot . 
i would go to alcoholics anonymous but everyone already knows 
ukip's policies 
amish murderers get the acoustic chair . 
moist people aren't offended by the occasional typo . 
what do you call a multiple choice dad joke ? a pop quiz . 
i got 99 tabs open but my work ain't one . 
how do you clear out a veterans bingo hall ? b 52 . 
it's weird how opposites attract , like red wine a new shirt 
what lives on a farm and says moo ? a bilingual chicken 
how much money do terrible movies make ? ridley scott . thank you . 
confucius say virginity like giant bubble one prick , all gone 
which rabbit was a famous female aviator ? amelia harehart . 
beheaded our snowman to let winter know we mean business . 
what do you call olive oil that is really outgoing ? extroversion 
a poem about bugs : if it can fly , it should die . 
you're more special than relativity . 
what does diana stand for ? dead in a nasty accident . 
plan to be spontaneous ... tomorrow . 
why don't cats like online shopping ? they prefer a cat - alogue . 
what social movement were nazis really into ? aryan reichts 
what cell carrier do mormons use ? virgin mobile 
who is a brooklyn dog's favorite composer ? bach bach bach 
what's a good name for a cat ? catsper . 
the four food groups : fast frozen instant and chocolate . 
for some reason i keep making bread puns dough i knead to stop 
sometimes i worry about the kid who always carried a yoyo in high school 
how can you tell if your goose is depressed ? it's feeling down . 
tried to start an origami company ... it folded . 
" retweet ! retweet ! " yelled the german commander as we invaded normandy 
" let's go through it bit by bit " said jack the ripper 
if i had a female dog ... i would name her karma . 
jihad balloons are my favorite they blow themselves up 
an abacus doesn't need batteries you can always count on it 
which animal makes the best pie ? a human . 
where does the 3d shape go when it murders someone ? prism 
immigration jokes are funny but some just cross the line ... 
what do you call a near - empty bag of cereal ? luckily charms 
let's convert our potential energy into kinetic energy . 
bad jokes are hereditary they pun in the family . 
what's the difference between light and hard you can sleep with the light on 
how does kim kardashian like her eggs ? over - yeezy . forgive me 
what makes a hockey player laugh ? warning : cheesy slapstick comedy ! 
oh red onions ... you'll be the breath of me . 
what do you call someone who's never smoked weed ? illiterate 
if you don't like the way women drive , stay off the sidewalk . 
removing her clothes 
shark week is just another made up holiday to sell more sharks 
a professor and a thespian walk into a martin chalifour concert ... 69696969696969696969 lololololololololol 
i know a joke about cheddar broccoli but its soup'a cheesy . 
why is england the wettest country ? monarchies have reigned there for centuries . 
give me five hundred good reasons you think i'm too demanding . 
i make a mean sandwich . the key is to use racist cheese . 
my name is fatatata but i am not fatatall 
i don't think nyquil knows what cherries taste like ! 
tequila ! vodka ! whiskey ! i'm calling the shots . 
scientists recently discovered a new dinosaur that was very intelligent they named it thesaurus 
germans be like : been there , done that . 
what's it called when you apologize using dots and dashes ? remorse code . 
no grandma , he has a hair piece , not herpes 
what's afghanistan's national bird ? an american drone . 
best place to hide stuff ? page two in google search results ! 
life is what happens between apple product releases . 
mens rights activists 
i need to stop binge thinking . 
what do you call someone who dances on cars ? a morris dancer ! 
* illegally downloads a social life * 
what's a fresh vegetable ? one that insults a farmer . 
oh you love your mom's cooking ? name 4 of her dishes . 
i hope you guys realize that sunflower seeds are salted little plant babies . 
" buy your individuality ! " - urban outfitters 
it's a sin to love another's wife and a punishment to love yours . 
my internet's signal always lose connection just like my ex wife 
what did bowie say before he died ? robin , is that you ? 
my life thats it thats the joke 
what does the lord say when the intern messes up ? god demi 
why did everybody where white pants at the masters ? dustin johnson sneezed . 
" computers will never replace humans . " - cannibal wisdom . 
whats the antonym of manchester united ? womanbreastsr divided 
makes eye contact with female . medusa . 
sometimes my sense of humour is so dark ... ... it picks cotton 
how do jazz musicians drink their liquor ? straight , no chaser . 
abcdefghijkmnopqrstuvwxyz noel . 
earthquake in dc ... this is the shakeup in washington we needed . 
how does a tornado tell the time ? it checks the tornado watch . 
what kind of pants do bostonians wear ? car keys 
what would you call it if pigs were flying yesterday ? swine flu 
paris attack i beat the paris mission in mw3 today 
i have a beta fish named carl he's a real lady killer ! 
why are protein shakes such loners ? they're whey isolate . 
what do italians eat on halloween ? fettucine afraid - o 
im going to make a joke about polish people they're shiny 
it sings and drives john travolvo 
how do people want trump right now ? removed 
can someone please wake up billie joe armstrong ? 
what happens if you upset a cannibal ? you get into hot water . 
voat's servers 
no mushrooms , no chives . bob marley ordering a pizza . 
the power reddit has to change anything . 
why did the samurais armor break ? there was a chink in it . 
the transformation of facebook into myspace is almost complete . 
i get scared visiting the ghetto on google street view . 
a lifetime supply of mcdonalds is actually pretty short 
i'll betcha that heimlich guy gets a lot of pats on the back . 
what do you call the underwear of someone experiencing nocturnal emissions ? dreamcatchers 
human : your name is flipper dolphin : angerly uh ok , hand 
bill cosby was puddin his pop where it didn't belong . 
never let the printer know that you are in a hurry . 
what kind of car does george bush the younger drive ? a bmdubya ! 
two people go to a nickelback concert . 
fireworks ? yes it does . 
two days is not enough time for a weekend . 
morning is the time when everyone is jealous of unemployed . 
my enthusiasm knows bounds . 
a beautiful girl looks good in the background of her smart friend . 
what do you call a mean dust storm ? darude - sandstorm 
god bless you 
i'm thinking of getting a tribal tattoo to express my individuality . 
what deity has the worst teeth ? tartarus 
want to hear the new word i just created ? plagiarism ! 
don't you hate it when someone starts a sentence but they ... 
the myinb oxen was recently declared extinct . rip myinb ox 
does a farmer eat female sheep ? ewe , no . 
how does an ugly guy get the girl ? all he needs is game 
a man ... a man tried to catch fog , he mist 
i cheated on my taxidermist girlfriend . now i'm stuffed ... 
" your cute " " my cute what ? " 
what is the recommended psychological treatment for mentally ill statisticians ? regression therapy 
i work 24 7 - which is about 3 . 42 hours . 
why did the police officer smell ? because he was on duty . 
alzheimer's joke knock knock who's there ? to get to the other side ! 
notices a girl is cold here take my pants 
why did the little mermaid wear seashells ? d shells were too big . 
if you like the onion , take a look at the ironic times 
i told my grandmother to act her age ... . then she died . 
what do you call a home full of menstruating women ? bloody hell . 
why did the orange juice fail his math exam ? he wasn't concentrated . 
the best nicknames are the ones people don't know they have . 
most people browse on google or bing ... but i browse on fleek 
i'm busier than ... a catholic priest at a church lock in . 
it's not curiosity that killed the cat ... it was procatstination 
i am allergic to stupidity , so i break out in sarcasm . 
looks like i picked the wrong week to quit making airplane refrences 
the man who invented chicken nuggets was struggling to make hens meat 
say no to drugs they might lower the price 
look , it's an octopi 
why did the sick bird get deported ? he was an ill eagle . 
what's hitler's favourite sausage ? frankfuhrers . 
my approach to women is the same as my approach to code object oriented 
what doesn't kill you was only practicing . 
what does a witch take when she can't poop ? hexlax tm 
who brings the christmas presents to police stations ? santa clues . 
who's becky , stan ? she's just a country ! 
dentists are going on strike . brace yourselves . 
my superpower is finding the one bathroom stall with no toilet paper . 
george r . r . martin finished winds of winter ! 
what do you call it when flu season comes early ? premature inoculation . 
" please don't do this . " - my voice mail greeting 
popeye teaches us that the best reason to eat healthy is revenge . cartoonlifelessons 
i hate people who leave jokes hanging . its like a 
tomb toom womb woom bomb boom 
i follow ripped guys around the grocery store and just buy what they buy 
selling a dead bird not going cheep 
where can you go on reddit to ask questions ? not r movies . 
what's worse than getting pissed off ? getting pissed on . 
what did 0 say to 1 ? you're turning me on ! 
police officers are really sore losers when you race them 
hypochondria ? i think i have that ! 
i want anarchy because my keyboard is missing one . 
" gotham deserves a relaxed hero that smells of lavender . " - bathman 
the word for today is legs go out and spread the word ! 
scientists have finally proved that friday the 13th is unlucky trump is still alive 
where do minions shop ? banana republic 
what did ben franklin call his pee hole ? urethra franklin . 
my gang colors are taupe and beige 
what did the sjw do for halloween ? went trigger - treating . 
why can't two physicians be near each other ? because it's a paradox ! 
i love meeting new people . not you . don't touch me . 
* puts baby powder in a crib * * adds water * 
what has four legs and is made out of wood ? a horse . 
" god hates fogs " - homophobic clouds 
which number confuses people ? 82 
so sick of people who aren't beyonce 
" i broke my arm ! " said napoleon bone apart 
what's the pirate movie rated ? pg - 13 ! 
a chicken , a hawk and a duck walk into a lawn ... superduck 
what kind of dog did the sad cantaloupe get ? a melon collie ! 
einstein married his cousin esla even his marriage was relative . 
sperm is like olives you need to learn to eat it 
first rule of water boarding club : 1 . you will talk 
lance armstrong never had the balls to admit that he cheated . 
why did verizon's mailman get fired ? he was losing packets . 
i feel a bit overdressed here at walmart because my pajamas match . 
what would you do if someone is choking ? take a step back . 
i stopped understanding math when the alphabet decided to get involved . 
i'm great at making pancakes and women uncomfortable . 
better " copulate " than " copunever . " 
what's an otakus favourite dessert ? senpie . 
where do birds invest their money ? in the stork market ! 
what satellite tv provider does isis use ? daesh network 
inkling sounds like a baby octopus 
i don't date because i have a very particular type girls that like me 
what starts and ends with a v and is only one letter ? w 
we get it poets : things are like other things 
what do you call a storm that's raining cats and dogs ? a furrycanine 
maybe she's born with zits , maybe it's methamphetamine 
yo momma so fat , ... she can't even be emotionally carried away . 
why men shop at costco ? because it's a hoe sale . 
i'm into perpendicular lines . i'm a bisectual 
you dug the hole you're in ... now stop whining and start climbing . 
if i ever run into my doppelganger i'm going to steal his liver . 
actually , conservation of angular momentum makes the world go round . 
what's the worst thing about a lung transplant ? coughing up someone else's phlegm 
a dating site that matches you with the perfect slice of cheesecake 
- - - . i regret that remorse code 
your so dense , light must bend around you . 
why are atheists poor ? because its a non - prophet organisation . 
how can you tell my parents are abusive ? beats me 
subway : when you pay to eat fresh just like jared 
you're lifting weights dude , you're not in labor . settle down . 
why did the kittens turn atheist ? coz their eyes opened . 
how many sea men can fit in a circle 2 rads 
i never argue , i just explain why i'm right . 
what fruits do vampires eat ? blood oranges . 
who's faster than christopher walken ? christopher runnen who's slower ? christopher crawlen 
i spilled some coffee . my wife called it grounds for divorce . 
what did bose say to einstein about the weather ? it's 0k 
i knew i saw you the moment i laid eyes on you 
chuck norris has 12 moons . one of those moons is the earth . 
i would throw myself under a duvet for you . 
don't tell me you love weddings , you love open bars . 
what is a guy who hangs out with musicians called ? a singer 
hey do you like bowpha ? bowpha deez nutts 
everyone calls me al capone because 
i have a degree in female's studies . 
what do you call a mound of dirt that is uneducated ? a hillbilly 
10 years ago today , canada received its first indoor toilet . 
i bet nutritionist - dieticians instagram the food pyramid a lot 
que es eso ? * takes a bite * queso ! 
it's only a little rad . it's a radish . 
what do you call a seaside shanty for kids without parents ? a wharfanage 
i've never eaten the right amount of indian food . 
what does a barcode say if he bumps into another barcode ? sku me 
next time you wave , use all your fingers . 
what did mike tyson say when he saw mold ? that's growth . 
do you know why god created atheists ? haha . good one . 
where do psychics go to dance ? the crystal ball 
my teeth are so crooked they should run for office . 
i hate one - dimensional games . they're so linear . 
how did blind slaves escape the south ? the underground braille - road 
i want to feel the bern but that sounds too politically incorrect . 
* cooks french fries on your greasy hair * 
what is a woman ? man with a uterus somewhere 
chuck norris doesn't daydream . he's too busy giving other people nightmares . 
what is a feminist's feeling when she gets " threatened ? " womenaced 
what drink does santa give to naughty children ? coala 
rams gt cowboys coincidence ? 
ambulance medic : sir do you need oxygen me : no dying is fine 
how to climb a flight of stairs ? step one step two step three 
how does kurt cobain collect his thoughts ? with a mop . 
which state has the most progressive bathroom laws ? transylvania . 
what did the stoner drop when he listened to dubstep ? salt . 
what kind of mushroom gets beat up the most ? a shiitake mushroom 
if you were a dinosaur what would you be ? dead 
snapbacks popular amongst those with brittle bones . 
i'm far too cute to only have one ex - husband . 
do you eat to much sodium ? na . 
crouches down rubs earth between fingers the pizza went that way . . 
what do you call a drug addict that's allergic to heroin ? cracktose intolerant 
did you want to row or paddle ? either oar ... 
guess where my cheating girlfriend now lives ? idaho 
why are jedi kids so fat ? because they were force fed . 
americans have some weird slang ... like calling shooting ranges high schools 
ellen pao on the new 10 bill ! worth 2 cents 
i just bought all six seasons of hoarders on dvd 
who the hell called it 69ing ... instead of cuddlingus . 
don't hate every single one of your friends yet ? get facebook . 
i think i was italian , in a pasta life . 
" talent imitates , but genius steals . " bilbous . 
where do beers go to pick up girls ? ho gardens 
why was the redditor banned ? voat manipulation . 
oc i found a dead bird outside . it smelt fowl . 
i don't remember anything about being born , i must have been wasted 
i dislike the term haterade . i say hater - juicebox instead . 
why couldn't joe get to home ? he was a mets fan . 
at the race " runners on your mark " mark : ouch ! 
whats red and crawling up your leg an abortion with home sickness . 
masonry work is hard there's a lot of trowel and error . 
i'm still pissed that " testicle tuesday " never took off . 
oh my god the inspirational tweets are coming from inside the house 
what's hillary clinton's favourite question ? how much to make this go away ? 
my pooch found a great tv show for us to watch dogter who 
al gore's so boring his secret service name is al gore 
there's a reason the iphone autocorrects " yolo " to " tool . " 
what is a hurricane's favorite pet ? - anywhere from 1 to 5 cats 
yo momma so stupid ... she thought euthanasia was a student exchange program . 
we're all equal . but i'm more equal than you . 
did you know ... that 80 of all stats are made up ? 
is your fridge running ? nah , it's chillin . 
i was a trampoline salesman off and on . 
gonna name my first born horse_ebooks 
omg i bought a mask and a gun and now everything is free 
my teacher loves me - she puts kisses against all my sums . 
telephone problems by ron number 
what do u call a jamaican proctologist ? poke'mo n 
a dyslexic poet that has a fetish for rim licks . 
can we stop acting like " seasonal " beers makes sense at all ? 
future generations will never believe sarah palin was a real person . 
where can you bid on internet mail order brides ? ebae 
what's tim cook's new nickname ? jack the ripper 
guys , i found a cure for my alzheimer's ! 
* likes your fan page * * hides activity from timeline * 
and then the devil said , " tell her to calm down . " 
i invented a new word it's called plagiarism 
today a girl kissed me i wish i could post it in another subreddit 
what did they call hitler's limo driver ? the chau - fuhrer 
why was the bottle laying down ? someone flipped it . 
speechless this message has no content . 
how do you call a party with people who have epilepsy ? foam fest 
you know what is going on in ukraine ? donetsk , don't tell . 
what kind of pastry do you need a thesaurus to eat ? synonym rolls 
steve jobs will be back he's an android afterall . 
i hate girls with double standards unless they're pretty 
education is a team effort there's no i in illiteracy ! 
what do you call kansas overrun by pirates ? arkansas 
what is unidan's favorite fast food joint ? five guys . 
welcome to woodworking club , please make a seat . 
maybe hitler started wwii after being constantly attacked by time travelers . 
" let's get ready to bumble ! ! ! " - bees 
you know you're in the r science subreddit when removed 
what's the latest irish invention ? a helicopter ejector seat 
you should not disagree with my spear it has a point . 
i want the job where you push scared skydivers off the plane . 
why do men act like idiots ? who says they're acting ? 
what's the best thing to have in a hairy situation ? a razor . 
my cardio is mostly just running out of excuses not to exercise . 
so i was going to kill myself but i hear whales are endangered . 
what is trump's favourite movie ? wall - e . 
why do programmers get halloween and christmas mixed up ? because oct31 dec25 
geologists look for the same thing in rocks and girls cleavage 
everyone's a feminist until they're stuck on a sinking ship . 
what's the worst part about having alzheimer's ? to get to the other side 
so , a catholic priest comes on a playground ... 
hit snooze until the panic sets in . 
rehab is for quitters , and lindsay lohan is no quitter . 
why did the water turn into steam ? it mistbehaved 
santa's helper takes a picture in the mirror , is that an elfie ? 
what do you call a pig who is a rapper piggy smalls 
" what's an faq ? " is probably an faq . 
" i believe i can fry " - r kelly filling out mcdonald's application 
why are london buses red ? because they have to come every 10 minutes 
where would men be without women ? the garden of eden 
how do they perform abortions at hogwarts ? fetus deletus 
why do people swerve i love running over stuff 
i met my soulmate . she didn't . 
saint west , the patron of selfies 
malaysia airlines special offer now with more bang for your buk ! 
bruce jenner's gender . . . is turning into a real brucehaha 
dear god , i asked about atheism today . 
my expertly timed eclipse joke will put all the others in the shade . 
what gets wetter as it dries your mom 
my beard itches , web md : beard cancer 
do they still call it hump day in prison ? 
somebody please tell ugly girls with opinions that nobody is listening . 
some old people are driving vehicles right now and don't even know it . 
stressed is just desserts spelled backward . 
sometimes i get to lazy to fini 
why did insane clown posse never learn about magnets ? they're repulsive ! 
what's a scottish cannibal's favorite food ? mac in cheese 
how did paul mccartney get linda pregnant ? c moon 
why did the bloody mary need a restraining order ? celery stalks . 
what literary genre is frozen ? bildungsnowman . oc 
how many people live in south america ? a brazillion 
knock knock " i am already owning one . " 
what a lovely surprise to finally discover how unlonely being alone can be . 
what did the fisherman do on his date ? netfish and krill 
yesterday , i got food poisoning i don't know when i'll use it 
is lobster bisque a good rap name ? 
what's tennis players favourite city ? volley wood ! 
i did so much yard work today , i might get deported . 
no autocorrect , i do not want to organism all over his face . 
whats a drummers favorite pokemon ? rattata 
headphone jack removed 
why did the sausage beat his kids ? for being little brats . 
what is jack the rippers favorite restaurant ? chick fillet 
zencrafters ... . total enlightenment , in about an hour . 
someone told me i have no sense of humor i don't get it 
ever had a yellow snowcone ? urine for a treat ! 
our relationship is like an extra chromosome it's all downs from here 
what's the name of west virginia's version of winnie the pooh ? gummy bear 
why don't girls have beards ? it's in their " jeans " 
accidentally called 911 . set my house on fire to not look stupid . 
i never buy velcro it's such a rip off . 
my phone died doing what it loves : dying . 
won a time machine on ebay . disappointed when i received a clock . 
royal flushes aren't very common . the queen's homes must stink . 
so a quadriplegic amputee went ... absolutely nowhere . 
we're shutdown , but not stop collecting taxes shutdown . - the government 
went to fight . . hockey game broke out . 
what did god say to jesus ? this lawn ain't gonna mow itself . 
how to respond when asked if you watched the super bowl . wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ! 
my favorite letter is elamenopee . 
where did josh duggar take his first ashley madison date ? subway 
i missed your birthday because i didn't log onto facebook that day . letsbereal 
just got a hyundai accent and now i sound like a korean guy . 
69 according to studies , 69 of all people have dirty minds . 
just beat my record for most consecutive days without dying . 
dude you're a dentist . why am i in stirrups ? 
what insulator has the greatest electrical resistance ? your mohm 
my stages of drunk : 1 onstage 2 backstage 3 hostage 
tifu by switching up by customer's sandwich orders at subway opps wrong sub . 
if tumblr was edible it would have alot of trans fat 
what kind of coffee does an executioner drink ? decap 
i'm at my most nascar driver when i really have to pee . 
a tenner killed a baby it was a new low 
so , what if mohammed does a self portrait ? 
people who go jogging , you realise we have cars now , right ? 
what happens when you put nutella on salmon ? you get salmonella 
teeth are always in style ! 
be nice to bacteria ... they're the only culture some people have . 
canadians pack your bags we have another immigration crisis 
welcome to denny's . don't eat that brown stuff . that's tables 
why did snoop dogg get arrested ? embezzlement 
what is the square root of 69 ? - * ate * somethin . 
i was going to buy a drawbridge but apparently they're let downs . 
why are giraffes so tall ? because cheetahs are faster . 
what happens after amy chua ? amy swallowa . 
why did god invent patchouli ? so blind people can hate hippies too . 
vegans can be so uptight . they should learn to take a yolk . 
if satan lost his hair ... ... there would be hell toupe . 
my retirement plan is pretty much dependent on the mayans being right . 
i'm trying , but all the liam neeson jokes are taken . 
a mute tells a deaf person a joke 
happy april's fools ! ... no really , what did you expect ? 
ama request a hipster who admits he she is a hipster . 
what did the spilled noodles say to the sauce pan ? i'm floored ! 
what does the russian president's wife scream during foreplay ? putin ! putin ! 
what does b in benoit b . mandelbrot stand for ? 
my son was on ebay this morning no bids yet 
i've been reading a book on north african history it's very moorish . 
what makes a ghost happy ? an elevator . it lifts the spirits . 
ok he're s funny joke lol . 
donald trump is gonna be the next us president pretty hillaryous , isn't it 
pregnancy tests should just read " pregnant " or " nope just fat " 
mom ... are you a virgin ? 
you guys wanna hear a nice joke ? nevermind it's probably too soon . 
today's kids play tsa agent instead of doctor . 
what's the deal with airline food ? buy 2 get 1 free 
what do you need to poop in the forest ? toiletries 
the man - whisperer . my dog at 6am . 
dating advice : don't just tell her you have diarrhea , show her 
may i buy half a rabbit ? no we don't split hares ! 
what sways from side to side ? jesus on a rubber cross ! 
mcdonald's sponsoring the olympics is like jack daniels sponsoring the prom . 
your heart ! * bursts out laughing * it's an inside joke . 
dim light bulbs or bright light bulbs ? watts the difference ! 
the light at the end of the tunnel better be a damn computer screen 
* jumps into volcano as sacrifice * * volcano spits me back out * 
new drugs ? look them up on trip advisor ! ! 
did you know that new york has two capitals ? n and y . 
* dims the lights so you look like your selfies * 
how do you get dragon pee ? drop your catheter bag . 
the following is an actual question given on a yale university chemistry final exam 
the most dangerous dog breed is probably the crime lab 
the things i say are like circles ... they dont have a point . 
statistics show that six out of seven dwarves aren't happy 
i'm very ugly . but two minus make a plus , so we alright 
after 15 years , i finally met my dad . he's a pharmacist . 
why was the sick eagle in prison ? because she was illegal . 
exercise , the poor man's plastic surgery . 
the dnc yup 
why did hydrogen hurt iron ? because he wanted to see him sulfur . 
i got a round of flu shots ... they tasted horrible . 
i have friends who do charity work for u2 . they're pro bono . 
what is the leading cause of dry skin ? bath towels ... 
i'm probably 0 for 400 in looking for safes behind wall paintings 
what kind of stories does eli whitney tell on easter ? cottontales 
something is fishy do crabs think fish are flying ? 
i have an apathy problem . but it's okay because i don't care . 
what's 6 " long and women love it ? 100 bill . 
i will straight up walk into traffic to avoid a kid selling something . 
* watches a house fall on you * * steals your shoes * 
violinists are so brave . they fret not . 
what has eyes but can't see ? hellen keller 
idaho the official potato of your mom 
i'm a victim of child abuse some kid in the park called me ugly 
jokes about communism are funny ... unless you share them with everybody 
what's the difference between jesus and bono ? jesus doesn't think he's bono 
whats around 5000 and enhances personality ? breast implants . 
whenever barry allen is around , everything happens in a flash 
clinton's blue firewall ... about as secure as her private email server . 
what's obama's favorite word ? uh ... 
balls deep is not a accurate form of measurement . 
what kind of exercise do lazy people do ? diddly - squats . 
the great wall of america ... ... is gonna be made in china . 
what do mediterranean volcanoes make for dessert ? baklava 
* tries to quietly eat carrot sticks during your funeral * 
had to dump my amish girlfriend ... . she drove me buggy . 
some people need rosetta stone for sarcasm 
who's great at math , but always tells lies ? fibonacci 
the fast and the furious 8 spoiler alert 
what do you call an arabic rapper ? vanilla isis 
why is iron man's arch nemesis not wrinkle man ? 
so i posted an opposing view on r the_donald removed 
why is fishing called fishing and hunting is not called deering or birding ? 
finland's borders are finland's borders called the finnish lines ? 
why can't chickens pee ? their pecker's on the wrong end . 
why did bob disagree with communism ? he thought it was such bolshevik . 
in the insect dissection room your fly is open . 
i used to play water polo but the horse drowned 
how is it that photons travel so fast ? they are light . 
like it or not ... that's how facebook works . 
i'm jobless . i'm making a career out of it . 
you're not considered antisocial if no one wants to talk to you . 
what was the tsar of russia's favorite fish ? tsardines ! 
if rapunzel was a brunette , she'd have just opened the front door . 
i'm old enough to remember when cell phones actually got smaller every year . 
my stepladder is so great , i'm almost glad my ladders got divorced . 
escalator literature . a step by step guide to reaching new levels 
sheryl crow singing the national anthem 
every day is a holiday if you love yelling . 
our middle child says we neglect him her . 
more like march sadness . 
question starts with a q ... ... and ends with an e . 
so i heard the rock was cooking ... can you smell it ? 
why do new zealanders have so many furry conventions ? because they're kiwis . 
what do you call a steer playing with itself ? beef stroganoff 
what did the clone troopers say after they killed aayla secura ? bye felucia 
yo momma smell so bad ... . i can smell her retronasally . 
" chill out . " - spanish receptionist saying jill isn't in . 
what do you call an orange cat in summer ? shedder cheese ! 
nothing angers me more than a prematurely broken shell in my taco kit . 
what's better than a laxative ? reddit . 
is it rude to throw breath mints in someones mouth while they're talking ? 
robocop is my favorite actor . how come he was never nominated ? 
chuck norris prostate is used to examine doctor's fingers . 
when is the best time to buy budgies ? when they're going cheap ! 
have you seen the new clear plastic bikinis ? they're worth looking into . 
what do astronauts wear to bed ? space jammies ! 
will no one rid me of this turbulent poodle ? 
my fruit business went into liquidation . i now sell smoothies . 
how can you tell if a man is happy ? who cares ? 
used to have no life . now i have a laptop and facebook ! 
why is cod like women ? search and destroy . 
i just swapped our bed for a trampoline my wife hit the roof ! 
michael cera probably apologizes and gives back cars in grand theft auto 
a waffle house is like a gas station bathroom that serves waffles . 
* gives ex wife's next door neighbour a drum kit for christmas * 
person : what is your dog's name me : he won't say 
what is a lazy persons favourite exercise routine ? diddly squat . 
what musical instrument goes with cheese ? picklelo . 
whats the name of the band with the most hits ? the hitlers ! 
which element is unsure of it's gender ? sili - kin 
there's two things i hate in this world 1 people who can't count 
neo nazi ? morpheus unhappy . 
mary had a little lamb and a side of mashed potatoes 
farmer : who raided my vegetable patch ? piglet : beets me ! 
* takes your compliment * * stares nervously at it * 
what is the proudest body part ? the veins 
if 50 is the new 30 , then dead is the new 80 . 
a b c d e f g h i j ... 10 letters 
who is the chess player's dream companion ? a * czech mate * 
i always forget the name lance is short for " ambulance " 
til redditors are easy to fool . 
netflix suggested i watch my kids . 
what dance do you do when summer is over ? tango tan go . 
i can't wear preppy clothes ... i'm lacoste intolerant . 
which part of a vegetable isn't edible ? his wheelchair . 
where does obama live ? the " baracks " 
chuck norris joke chuck norris tells preston about settlements that need help . 
outspoken masochists . they're asking for a beating . 
when in rome ... crucify jesus 
what happens when you witness a shipwreck ? you let it sink in . 
i love pteradons they're my favorite dinosoars . 
what's white and washes your socks ? your wife . 
in space they just call it " jam " 
the one good thing about hitler ? he killed hitler . 
if you're creepy and you know it buy a van 
the joys of hitch - hiking by marsha long 
a guy votes for donald trump the guy 
everyone in this reddit likes the same food ? copy pasta 
i met my current girlfriend at a midnight game release it was destiny 
" please don't make a scene . " - horrible movie director 
when i get to my deathbed ... . i hope it's a tempurpedic . 
how does a deaf gynecologist communicate with his patients ? he reads lips . 
bin laden is also responsible for all of my typos and unfunny tweets . 
i'm drinking some pretty average tea ... it's mediocritea . 
a search party sounds like a fun way to look for someone . 
what do flies do at church ? flyspray 
who cleans up after seeing eye dogs ? 
what do you call your ex - girlfriend in maryland ? old bae . 
my fortune cookie read " end of roll . replace " 
some people feel the rain . others just get wet . 
yo mama so stupid she stole free bread . 
adam sandler 
i can sum up 2016 in one word ... nine . 
my friend works at the morgue and apparently tonight is open mike night . 
any machine is a smoke machine if you just use it wrong enough ! 
why was the cancer doctor so tired ? he was always oncol 
my daydream solution to organizing my house is always arson . 
i refuse to work with compost it's degrading 
not right now green light , i'm taking a selfie . 
who's the dictator that reports on youtube drama ? keem jong un . 
why does toilet paper need a commercial ? who is not buying this ? 
i can't get enough minimalism . 
it is not a middle finger it is my unicorn fist 
what do you call 2000 mockingbirds ? 2 kilo mockingbirds 
despite the cost of living , have you noticed how popular it remains ? 
my quantum milkshake machine brings every boy to all yards . 
one guacamole is ... equal to 6 . 0221415 x 10 23 guaca's . 
bills travel through the mail at twice the speed . 
always a metermaid never a meter 
open heart surgery ? no , just rip it out . 
what's the worse thing to hear during a prostate exam ? a zip . 
what do you call it when you can't see your skin ? pore resolution 
look at all these people writing in starbucks , just like hemingway . 
sorry for throwing mice at your wedding . 
what do all amish girls want ? two mennonite 
a mother was tucking her son in one night she really wanted a daughter 
it takes two to lie ... one to lie and one to listen ... 
what would happen if pigs could fly ? bacon would go up ! 
if you think grammar isn't important , well , it's . 
you're a carrot i wish , i'd be easier on the eyes . 
why jfk doesn't wear hats ? it is an airport . 
some people dream of success , others are awake work hard at it . 
last rites ? over my dead body ... 
what is the only bent straight line ? its one direction of course . 
why do girls keep giving me their fax numbers ? 
sorry i threw your baby but there was a spider on her . 
what noise does a cat make going down the highway ? miaooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooow ! 
* calls you by wrong name in bed , blames autocorrect * 
shouldn't elevators have a different name for the trip back down ? 
if a danish paraplegic ever attacks you ... . tell him to lego 
live tweeting tomorrow's hangover tonight . 
what's a basic girl's favorite vegetable ? asperrygus 
what are your thoughts on monorails ? they make decent one - liners . 
i'm agnostic . what happens when i die ? idk ... 
what goes down but never comes up ? the r news sub count . 
a priest opens a restaurant ... and calls it " braise the lord " 
what do pirate farmers charge for their corn ? a buccaneer 
what's the healthiest sport a pregnant women can play ? kick boxing 
cleavage is the original jedi mind trick . 
if i followed you home , would you keep me ? 
yeah i pee in the shower , but not while i'm in it 
how russians win wars rushing 
you wouldn't know her . she goes to a different internet 
the trick to a good joke is nailing the punchline . jesus christ 
i remember my first crush . . : orange . 
i remixed a remix ... ... amp it was back to normal ! 
what would jesus actually do ? probably ban nail guns 
if you die whilst urinating then you literally piss your life away 
what's the most popular sports channel in mexico ? espnol 
trump is actually ambidextrous he can move from right to left as he chooses 
politically correct chiggers chegreos . 
why are dirty jokes so uncommon because the punchline's always so hard 
" i'm a feminist , " he said wanttogetintoyourpantsingly . 
what's obama's favorite thing to do on the weekend ? socialize 
why are hippies against capitalism ? because money doesn't grow on trees . 
an unsharpened pencil ... ... is pointless . 
is siri better than you ? that's a siri - ous question . 
do you want to hear a joke about ghosts ? that's the spirit 
drunk girls whisper in caps lock . 
holocaust jokes are not funny anne frankly sick of them . 
why did snoop dogg bring an umbrella ? there was a lil wayne outside 
i am not an alcoholic . i simply enjoy living in liquid medium . 
just shoveled for 30 minutes so the pizza guy could deliver my food priorities 
my signature move is not caring which one yours is . 
so fedex and ups merged ... the new company will be called fedup 
never trust a vegetarian who eats animal crackers 
why should men not engage in esports while horny ? they get erekt . 
why you should never go to war against bhuddists they have respawn 
what did sigmund freud say when he had an epiphany ? urethra ! 
a fat person doesn't eat what's right but eats what's left . 
what's christmas called in england ? yule britannia ! 
always leave the shower curtains open . * things i learned from horrors 
why are pokemon terrible to play hide and seek with ? because they pikachu 
i reverse engineered a time machine ... eureka ! 
* nurses dump cooler full of blood on surgeon after successful surgery * 
where do alcoholics get their breakfast pastries ? drunken donuts 
i know the word diputserom sounds bad , but its more stupid backwards 
send text messages from your pc with mobogenie hi 
you're an open book ? " throws you into a bonfire . " 
howtoavoidpoliticsatdinner bring up something less controversial , like religion . 
where did dr . pepper get his degree ? the university of minnesoda 
i have a lips which makes me psecial 
what do witches put on their hair ? scare spray ! 
what's a rabbits favorite song ? " hoppy birthday to you . " 
who did the dyslexic man sell his soul to ? santa . cringe 
sometimes i think i have add ... ... oh look a bird ! 
worlds shortest joke ... fixed my life . 
i made a gaffe about birth complications well , that came out wrong . 
we all have our weaknesses . yours are just more obvious . 
my iphone won't even recognize my fingerprint unless it's got crumbs on it . 
do you like fish sticks ? who are you ? kanye west ? 
you're so pretty , you could be in a beer commercial . 
writers who become addicted to pseudonyms have to join anonymous anonymous . 
what did the chemist say when his girlfriend cheated on him ? dy ho 
how does batman store energy ? in batteries 
burning love what kind of erection does a burn victim get ? firewood . 
the early bird gets the worm but the second mouse gets the cheese . 
if you met my friends , you would understand . 
what's obama's favorite game console ? " the xbox one " 
2020 olympic high jump results gold - mexico silver - mexico bronze - mexico 
kiwis are just lemons that forgot to shave . 
maybe i forgot to text back . maybe it's maybelline . 
gonna trade in my wife's menstrual cycle for a really cool mountain bike . 
what do fat girls do in the summer ? stink 
what do you call cows that are best friends ? brovines . 
nobody deserves to look that peaceful sleeping . slap . 
two words : 
helmholtz resonators made out of lampshades , company name is silence of the lamps 
hangover status : playing duct , duct , tape with the kids . 
successful lawyers ! good lawyers know the laws and smart lawyers know the judges 
i make terrible science jokes ... ... but only periodically . 
instead of neutering my dog i just make him wear crocs . 
why should you never disturb a mirror ? because they are always reflecting . 
ted talk about staying in bed 
" i'm really more of a dog person . " - - werewolf 
what is matthew mcconaughey favorite bread ? all rye all rye 
silent night , holy night , all is calm , corndog fight . 
i really would love to see two mimes arguing 
every fork at your favorite restaurant has been in 100's of strangers mouths 
confidence should never be confused with arrogance . arrogance is spelled way differently . 
the most judgmental aquatic mammal is probably the seal of disapproval . 
joe dirt 2 was so bad amazon prime should have released it yesterday 
what is bernie sanders least favorite band ? swv sisters with voices 
water parks in california are now just regular parks 
what cell service do nuns in wheelchair have ? virgin mobile 
facetious . because i like to use all vowels , in order . 
what do you call that feeling when the bus finally arrives ? a peasantfeeling 
what is the program for pranking insane people called ? pantaloon 
when life hands you melons , you know you're dyslexic . 
where does a cow stop to drink ? the milky way ! 
loses house keys . builds new house . 
reading while sunbaking makes you well - read 
yo mama's so dumb she bought winrar . 
why didn't jesus have any children ? he only got nailed by guys 
what is the biggest obstacle in getting rich quickly ? cops 
misunderstandings happen when one person is clearly stupid . 
met a girl named gravity she was down to earth ... 
i invented a time machine ... ... next week . 
i wish candy canes were shaped less awkward and tasted more like cocaine . 
ask your doctor if practicing medicine is right for him 
i won't believe corporations are people until texas executes one . 
beer gardens are great because who wouldn't want to grow beer 
turning vegan is a big missed steak . 
i call my husband current ... he likes it better than number two . 
well , america actually did it it trumped brexit . 
i'm gonna be honest , i don't even know where girls pee from 
why couldn't the mod get into the club ? he never got banned . 
i've had the clap so much that it's turning into applause . 
most household injuries are caused by saying " whatever " during an argument . 
my parents met on reddit im the joke 
why did a hispanic man rob a train ? he had loco motives ! 
not now , kids . mommy's boiling the easter bunny . 
no thanks , toilets that flush . - kids 
tardiness makes me extremely angry . as my late wife found out . 
highly offensive transgender more than meets the eye 
50 says jesus rose from the dead to clear his browser history . 
whoever decided how to spell camouflage is a terrible terrible person 
what lives in gum trees ? stick insects ! 
shout out to ... ... baseball players who have three strikes . 
i shouldn't have said that . - me . whenever i talk . 
what car did the apostles drive ? hint : acts 2 : 1 kjv 
" is this the krusty crab ? " no ! this is patrick ! 
i'm a british real estate agent i only drink propertea . 
when i worked at the shoe store ... i was the sole employee . 
if clouds became sentient ... they would take over the world . 
interrupts co - worker actually i don't feel like talking to you 
i have an addiction to cheddar ... but it's only mild 
gravity makes a terrible friend . it's always holding you down . 
somebody keeps on putting topsoil on my allotment . the plot thickens ... 
why are gardeners the best pimps ? because they are well versed in whorticulture 
i made a band called erectile dysfunction we never made it big . 
i want to make my racing snail like turbo snail 
what's eric garner's favorite song ? breathe again - toni braxton 
i'd tell a chemistry joke but i know i wouldn't get a reaction ... 
psa : please don't call them dwarves ... it's not the proper gnomenclature . 
confucius says : woman who sleeps with judge ... . . receives honorable discharge 
someone stole my catheter ... ... they really took the piss . 
where did abdelhamid abaaoud do most of his craft shopping ? wahabi lobby . 
what's the only way a trumpie can get hard ? freezing to death . 
i just want free gold . but what would i use it for teehee 
what was the anti - aging makeup company's slogan ? make america 8 again 
santa claus has the right idea . visit people once a year . 
knock knock , who's there ? not your dad , that's for sure ! 
my dad dropped his meth pipe . now he has a crack pipe . 
what comes in little cans ? red bull and priests . 
natural rights - opposite of natural lefts 
trans - jenner ? has that joke been made yet ? 
according to the bible , what's noah's favorite fruit ? pears . 
how do you protect yourself from ghosts ? hide in the living room . 
what is vladimir putin's favourite subject ? computin science 
oldest boy band in the world one erection 
did you hear about the miners new album ? i really dig it 
what kind of milk does mitt romney drink ? 1 
why doesn't jesus play hockey ? he's always nailed to the boards ... . 
you know what's more believable than keanu reeves as a doctor ? anything . 
what's the definition of macho ? jogging home from your vasectomy . 
guess what i did today ... . i 2 3 
groaner running out of sausage is a busy pizza maker's wurst nightmare . 
what noise does doppler's cat make ? meeeeeaaaaaaoooooo oooowwww wwww www 
the greek restaurant in my town is so authentic that it went bankrupt 
isn't the smell of defeat ... ... the smell of de socks ? 
what 8 letter word is read the same way backwards and forwards ? dyslexia 
so i fired my sphere maker ... he kept cutting corners . 
keep your friends close and your fat friends closer , because snacks . 
my friend eats dead people but it's okay because he's a fungi 
blind dates are the best they don't even see me coming 
i'm not an alpha male i'm a male 
what do you call ghosts that haunt liquor stores ? spirits 
yo momma so fat ... her first name is chow yun . 
i wouldn't recommend eating german sausage ... it's the wurst ! 
what equine likes to cut in line ? a sawhorse ! 
i can sleep for ages and not get tired 
with hostess shutting down ... i bet colorado is rethinking legalizing weed now ... 
" stationary shop moves " ... . . 
when chuck norris was born wwii had ended 
i have accepted " jesus christ ! " as my personal exclamation . 
take your time for this joke loading . . 
why does santa have 3 houses ? one for each of his hoes . 
i save a ton of money on teeth whitening by not smiling . 
* downloads pinterest * pins tutorial on how to uninstall pinterest * uninstalls 
used to hate red lights before text messaging was invented . 
the people in bahrain don't like the flintstones but those in abu dhabi do 
president chafee 
i should marry a storm trooper . they will always miss me . 
spell indian tent with two letters . tp . 
what did walter white teach ? advanced methematics . 
why did rembrandt lose his house ? because he was * baroque * . 
today i'm 45 . but with the wind chill i feel like 32 . 
why did the bullet stay home ? because it got fired ! 
the french cow says meux ... 
turning off the downstairs lights and running upstairs so no one kills you 
earrings why do chicks wear those big , jangly earrings ? ... ... stirrups 
why was the sjw angry at apple because it wasn't pc . 
my appointment at gamblers anonymous is at 25 to 1 ... 
cut out the middleman and just list 911 as your emergency contact . 
" what is your greatest strength " ? brevity . 
what did my wife say to me ? i want a divorce 
my uncle died from a turtle stampede . it was a slow death . 
a lizard that can't walk : from what is it suffering ? reptile dysfunction 
i'm so petty people call me tom 
my computer is going very very ... fast . it helpdesk joke 
rioters are breaking into antique music stores across the country damn luters . 
sounds like its time to get that enterprise built ! 
pikachu used thunderbolt ... squirtle fainted . 
an american spy on russia has just leaked confidential information regarding their government deleted 
why don't melons marry on a whim ? they cantaloupe . 
ugly girls are basically just dudes i'm not allowed to fight . 
what do teachers drink at school ? facul - tea 
why are men typically smarter than women ? they come across more things . 
what's jesus favourite gun ? a nailgun 
accidental seafood i tried dolphin once ... but not on porpoise . 
i'm reading the newspaper with a vengeance . this time it's personals . 
look , granny , i'm a little white boy ! 
how do russians put windows in ? putin windows duh . 
what's the first thing you know ? old jed's a millionaire . 
my exercising equipment has a hobby it collects dust 
why did the roman only smoke 490 blunts and not 500 ? because xd 
before you decide to become an atheist try dipping an oreo in nutella once 
what do you call a self proclaimed straight woman ? a liar 
what is american soup made from ? laughing stock 
what do you call a star wars fan in an attic ? annakin frank 
my friend owns a popular graveyard people are dying to get in . 
i wonder if nails ever get tired of being hit on . 
geometry is like jersey shore allways tanning , sinning , and consigning contracts . 
why did santa divorce mrs clause ? because he only came once a year 
my ex - girlfriend weighed 85 pounds but that's about average considering she's 9 
what's a neckbeard's favorite spread ? marm'la dy 
here , take my advice . it's not like i'm using it ... 
what would batman do if he wasn't rich ? he would be robin . 
googled how to start a fire got 10000 matches 
what's the definition of 6 . 9 ? 69 interrupted by a period . 
the other day i tried to grab the fog ... i mist 
nothing's louder than a quiet bathroom . 
i love the new upvote noise reddit made ... thank you . 
cubs fans last night looked more distraught than patrick kane's last blind date . 
how do southerners get through customs so quickly ? they do declare ! 
what did the smg say to his son when he left for work bizon 
what do bostonians call dogs that protect heaven's gates ? god dogs 
what do you use to cover a herpetarium floor ? reptiles . 
acording to jane eyre ... love is blind 
what is gordon ramsay's least favourite subreddit ? it's r aww ! ! 
i had plans to start researching sinkholes but they fell through 
i never feel entirely comfortable leaving a music gig ... it's disconcerting . 
what's an educated hole in the wall ? a wisecrack . 
what's shia labeouf's favorite kind of choral arrangement ? duets 
give me your best joke get me and my work laughing 
biggest joke on the planet . real madrid 
today is a military command : march fourth ! 
my psychiatrist says i have revenge issues ... i'll show him . 
til : every ship is equipped to be a minesweeper at least once 
tv repair man ... 
i used to think that banana republic was actually a government run by bananas 
signs and notices 
where do famous snakes go ? down in hisssstory ! 
what state did the programmer start her road trip in ? maine 
when do vampires bite you ? on wincedays . 
where's the biggest shopping center in europe ? malldova 
friend : what's your type ? me : in guys or in blood ? 
chili today , hot tamale . 
there is a new barbie doll on the market - roadkill barbie ... unrecognizable 
what was the name of tom sawyer's fish ? huckleberry fin ! 
heading down to the autopsy club later . it's open mike night . 
what would my hippie side be doing right now ? i already know that 
setting someone on fire is a very heartwarming gesture . 
" ameh . " atheists at the end of a prayer 
how do you hide from imminent retribution ? karmaflage ! 
umm adele , have you tried texting ? 
are you reading this from a toilet ? i'm writing this from one . 
michael jackson to be recycled 
local sausage restaurant starts a youtube channel ... links in the description . 
batteries have a tough life . they're either working or dead . 
all aboard ! by abel seamann 
what should you do when a bull charges you ? pay him 
where do shapes go to pay for their crimes ? a prism . 
the smarter the person , the less they tell you about it . 
where do you put letters to boys ? in a mail male box . 
trump : " i'll win the latino vote " 
we're here , we're queer , could we get another basket of breadsticks 
whats a pirates favorite letter ? it be the " c " ! 
what instrument do piggys play in a band ? pigcussion ! 
a reposter reposted ... and he was ashamed of himself . 
some people say i'm apathetic but i don't care what anyone thinks . 
. starbucks it is 2014 why don't you sell pickles 
what did the disappointed paraplegic say ? i will not stand for this . 
chuck norris ordered a big mac at burger king , and got one . 
" i just got engaged ! " - - starship enterprise 
whats worse than being adopted being adopted twice . 
when german politics go right , they go far right . right through poland 
how many roads must a man walk ? 42 . 
why can't the nsa leaker leave russia ? because he's snow'd - in ! 
teen for rent : knows everything , does nothing . 
why did ernest hemingway kill himself ? he was paid per word . 
what's trump's favorite olympic sport ? fencing ! 
what is the fastest cake in the world ? scone . s gone 
what does a drowning person looks like lol 
what's big and round and full of seamen ? your mom 
what room is missing from almost every house ? a mushroom 
i'm selling my parachute . mint condition . never opened , only used once 
what do martial artist love to drink ? wataaa 
take a deep breath . exhale slowly . - respirational tweet 
i've slept with enough babysitters to know how to raise a kid thanks mom 
a police officer with integrity 
arnold schwarzenegger wakes up on easter morning ... 
area man discovers new dimension , becomes volume man 
i've found that jogging is much more fun when you never do it . 
shania twain has worn 16 acres of denim during her lifetime 
i like my memes the way i like my freudian slips send dudes 
lobotomy is the solution for all mental illnesses it's a no brainer 
ended a relationship today . don't worry , it wasn't mine . 
today happy fathers day kids 
the problem majoring in electrical engineering ... is keeping up with current events . 
i've never sky dived but i have zoomed in real fast on google earth 
why aren't koalas real bears ? because they don't meet the koalifications ! 
6 : 30 is the best time on a clock , hands down . 
why did obama tap merkel's phone ? to hear a smart politician . 
instagram me like one of your drunk girls 
exercise makes you look and feel better naked ? so does tequila ... . 
currently accomplishing an astonishing amount of nothing , at a blistering rate . 
mirrors don't lie . lucky for you , they can't laugh either . 
what's a pirate's favorite move in chess ? check , matey . 
hipsters favorite ocean is frank ocean . 
nervous systems are so reckless they do everything on * impulse * 
the 4 kinds of clickbait jokes : 
what's a bulimic person's favorite movie ? " the purge " 
me : goodnight moon moon : i have a boyfriend 
so muhammad ali is dead ... is it too soon for a punchline ? 
they should rename the sa80 to bob marley because it's always jammin 
depression . why treat it when you can end it ? 
yo mama so poor her face is on the front of a foodstamp . 
walmart has strategically placed the cold sore meds in the mistletoe aisle . 
when she tells you to go deeper but your all out of poems 
we've heard that ignorance of maths is growing geometrically , whatever that means . 
positive thinking comes in all shapes and sizes at your nearest liquor store ... 
i have hiv hair is vanishing 
people who take tons of photos of themselves have no selfie control 
what kind of beer do architecture majors drink at parties natural light 
love is a battlefield . and i fight naked . 
i got a job at fedex op delivered 
what's a divorce attorney's favorite dessert ? wedding cake 
you know what really turns on a nerd ? unprotected wifi 
why don't golddiggers eat fruit ? an apple a day keeps the doctors away 
why did neither hillary nor trump win the election ? jill stein 
i have a recurring dream where i divide 10 by 3 . 
what happens when memes get lose ? 
the time you really begin to envy your cat monday morning . 
i exclusively use internet explorer to download google chrome . 
i heard samsung is making a feature film they're calling it total recall . 
heard santa and his wife separated , which would make them independent clauses . 
i'm having a hard time ... contrtolling my erections . 
55 of people will yawn after reading the word " yawn . " 
what do rehab and the days after christmas have in common ? cold turkey 
what's in pandora's box ? a fine case of herpes . 
which rock band has 4 people but doesn't make music ? mount rushmore 
picking which colour pen to use ... . its always a bic decision 
which is the most powerful colour ? super cyan 
what does mc hammer and antimatter have in common ? can't touch this ! 
why did barty crouch jr . stop drinking ? it was making him moody 
pizza is my favorite winter activity 
where does google and apple get their weather information ? the cloud . 
i ignore politics because politicians clearly ignore me . 
the jackhammer , now that was a groundbreaking discovery . 
gather round children , for my machine powered by round children 
who tries to steal fool's gold ? a pyrite ! 
how does one even ? it simply doesn't , because it's odd . 
what do you call the mushy red stuff between shark teeth ? slow swimmers 
got caught stealing a utensil set earlier ... i was a whisker away . 
how do people usually feel after touching an electric fence ? shocked . 
what did superman get at the supermarket ? a super bowl 
do you like to draw ? because i put the d in raw 
i told my grandpa he should wear his hearing aids but he won't listen 
tifu by pretending to be stabbed by a jihadi . 
yo mama so fat she went to the movies and sat next to everyone 
thinking about calling 911 just to feel a fireman's embrace . 
how did the actress from legally blonde die ? witherknife 
what makes eggs so athletic ? they go ovary and above . 
so apparently , all you can eat buffets do not include the waitresses . 
what's borat's favorite neighborhood ? van nuys 
what do builders use to make websites ? com . crete . 
its real cute how pedestrians confuse " right of way " with immortality . 
we'd be scared of beavers if trees screamed . 
made a shepherd's pie last night ... he didn't like it . 
i'm this many drunk ! ! * holds up waffle * 
96 . 86 of pastries are not s 
i've been feeling down all evening ... i think my duvet has split . 
what's the worst thing about a pi eating contest ? it never ends 
patriots 2015 super bowl champion * 
why was the robot cold ? he was missing his winter gear 
karma chameleon is my favorite song about lizards getting what's coming to them 
god , creating pigeons make them pace back and forth like a lawyer . 
why do arabs only buy chevy trucks ? because they're like iraq . 
i wanted to study metallurgy at university but i didn't get the grades 
i like my women how i like my salad dressing extra virgin 
how did kurt cobain die ? with a cobang 
did you hear about the chickpea freedom fighters ? they call themselves hummas . 
are security guards at samsung stores called guardians of the galaxy ? 
all you need to know about explosives by dinah mite 
just tried to even up my sideburns and now i'm a hairless cat . 
nice try speed bumps , it's a rental . 
eating a cigarette . 
peace in the middle east , bruh ! hah , yah right ... 
dbz joke yamaha won 
speed kills mo'me ntum , mo problems . 
i've got a joke about odd numbers . it's not even funny . 
what do you call a sad suicidal bird ? a robin williams . 
when i get a lot of myspace requests my fax machine goes crazy . 
why is the oval office oval shaped ? because the government cuts corners . 
why did they call it cuppa soup because ebola soup wasn't very appealing 
what are the rolling stones better at than the bee gees ? stayin alive 
science jokes these days ... all the good ones argon . 
mary rose sat on a pin mary rose 
what type of writing makes the most money ? ransom notes . 
what are the scariest jokes in space ? knock - knock jokes 
i married two women last week wasn't that big o me 
what was the executioner's favorite shampoo ? head and shoulders . 
what do you call a turtle dressed as a guido a slowbro 
why do gyms produce the best rebels ? because of all the resistance training 
why'd the apple jump in the grinder ? he was suicider . 
what do straight horses eat ? hay 
i like to use the ouija board to pester my dead husbands . 
what did the cat use to sharpen its claws ? me . ow . 
which vice president was the best at making beats ? algorithm 
123 ke na acredite 
what do you call a rapping egg ? over - easy e 
mom hires magician for birthday party , voldemort badluckbrian 
quick , i need some fables , asop . 
why is my father so abusive ? beats me 
does this bloodstained bunny suit make me look mentally unstable ? 
multiple bathrooms are the glue that hold marriages together . 
reddit , what good thing got ruined ? reddit . 
good news in syria today just kidding 
i exercise religiously . which means i go running dressed as the pope . 
my tombstone will read i should have googled it first . 
the last human alive will get no funeral . 
knock - knock who's there ? dave . dave's not here , man ... 
what's the use of happiness ? it can't buy you money . 
did you hear about the proctologists collectible corvettes ? he wrecked em . 
when do ghosts usually appear ? just before someone screams . 
i can move things with my mind . like , my arms . 
my husband believes my greatest accomplishment ... is his last name . 
seriously , twitter . do not import my contacts . 
honey boo boo evolves into sugar scab ! pokemon is back baby ! 
have you heard the new yoga joke ? it's kind of a stretch ... 
god does exist if you're north korean 
what was osama bin laden's favorite drink ? jager bombs 
those men drinking battery acid will soon be charged 
most pencils have erasers but that's beside the point 
what do you do when nothing goes right ? go left 
my fallout 4 review it's a blast . 
why do catholic priests like indian restaurants so much ? unlimited fresh naans ! 
i eat things based on the amount of dishes i have to use . 
where do easter bunnies dance ? at the basketball . 
85 of baseball's appeal is good weather and alcohol . 
if a fly does not fly , is it a walk ? music plays 
how do you make a dumb person curious ? i'll tell you tomorrow ... 
what is the best method of separating juice ? by concentration . 
how about i slip down your chimney , at half past midnight ? 
tom brady will be suspended from his balls 
where do you learn to make ice cream ? sundae school 
there's nothing common ... about tutankhamun . 
why couldn't jango wear boba's helmet ? it didn't fett . 
til i'm bad at posting at the right subreddit 
i wish robot servants were affordable already . 
good friends help you move . great friends help you move bodies . 
a beaver was praying to god , and said ... oh goddammit 
my friend just launched the second hubble into space ... a hubble bubble . 
money doesn't impress me . you know what does ? treehouses . 
i'm going to spoil your life you die in the end 
if abortion is murder ... wearing a condom must be kidnapping . 
what is dr . seuss favorite play ? green eggs and hamlet 
what do you call houses who have good behavior ? manors . 
what grades did fidel castro get at school ? full marx 
reddit deals with annoying whiners with shadowban , but what about iran ? taliban 
i wouldn't bother making a joke about an infinite line no point . 
in iraq are kraft foods discount coupons known as kraft dinar ? 
what was dr frankenstein's second job ? he was a body - builder 
chrosshair crosshair is what rabbit breeders do . 
two cleaners in a car ... broom broom 
honestly , my biggest fear about becoming a zombie is all the walking . 
i've recently started eating steel it's a refined taste 
* unplugs grandpas life support to charge my vape * 
the thing about being vague is , lots of stuff . 
what kind of trees watch kids in mexico ? baby cedar 
what's a catholic's favorite way to send money ? paypal 
why did the vegan avoid the confrontation ? he didn't want any beef . 
how does a backwards poet write ? inverse 
why does chav code never compile ? they end every statement with init 
who is ant man's worst enemy ? raid 
social security . get it ? you will when you're 65 . 
how do you lose a football championship penalty shootout ? you messi - up 
people who crave food for thought don't understand how food works . 
i had amnesia once - maybe twice . 
jumps into shower shower : i have a boyfriend 
i haven't been ignoring you i've been prioritizing you . 
what is sacha baron cohen's favorite ion ? borate . 
please be patient ... i'm fcuking things up as fast as i can . 
ellen pao's front teeth 
tony the tiger has a sleeping problem . his teeth grate ! 
herb was diagnosed with cancer . it was a basil - cell carcinoma . 
selling weed get rich or high trying 
what do you call a tungsten holmium compound with a doctorate ? doctor who 
beaver 1 : our house has been flooded ... beaver 2 : dam 
pluto is not a planet he's a dyslexic god 
" she had a heart of gold . " - autopsy report 
none of my boyfriends even know they're dating me . 
a bunch of angry redditors get pissed because of ... ? this joke ? 
look ma , no hands . i was caught shoplifting in saudi arabia : 
my local dollar store burned down over 3000 worth of merchandise was lost 
why do bad farmers make good djs ? because they've got sick beets ! 
what do white supremacists send their toddlers to before kindergarten ? pre - kkk 
what's on a gangster artist's t - shirt ? still life . 
what molecule has the best sense of humor ? a helium polymer . hehehehehe 
why do people find anne frank so attractive ? because she is smoking hot 
why was muhammad a successful merchant ? because he was god's profit . 
definition : coffin what they carry you offin . 
el chapo is a very special guy ... he's juan of a kind 
what shakes at the bottom of the ocean ? a nervous wreck . 
which dinosaurs love electricity ? bulbasaurs 
to enjoy gossip you really need to have a sense of rumour . 
a genius would have put kevin bacon in grease . 
her : eckspecially . me : * walks away * 
what is david bowie's favourite energy drink ? redbull redbull 
why is reddit the best place for freedom of speech ? removed 
what do dads and grammar nazis have in common ? they're not there . 
i'm usually exited for winter ... but then i get cold feet . 
whose the most vague person in the military ? general direction . 
you know what a vegetarian will never get ? a spam . 
i needed a break from stupidity so i left work early . 
what would i be if i doubled myself ? meme 
why can't the guy addicted to brake fluid quit ? he couldn't stop . 
i'm a lying birch username checks out . 
having kids means you'll have a lot of interrupted conversa - - 
george clooney and brad pitt fall in love and rob casinos together . explainafilmplotbadly 
what do romantic fish sing to each other ? salmon - chanted evening ! 
i'll have whatever steve buscemi isn't having . 
a dolphin walks into a bar . impossible , dolphins don't have legs . 
if i buy a soccer ball , will you kick it with me ? 
hereditary irritable bowel syndrome runs in the family . 
im not a morning person . in the morning i am a goat 
puppies and books easy to pick one but very difficult put down ! 
q : what does a wicked chicken lay ? a : deviled eggs . 
i'm really good at wrapping presents . it's a gift . 
why do bees buzz ? because they can't whistle ! 
30 of satan's workday is responding to accidental summonings caused by predictive typing . 
bend over , little fairy ... ... a wish is a wish . 
never buy the first round cause that's when people care what they're drinking ! 
what are 8 nougat - bits ? one nougat - byte 
what do you call an argentinian victim of grand theft auto ? carlos 
where do graphic designers go for a drink ? cgi friday's 
mosquito's are like dirty used needles , that can fly . 
high quality poem error 404 your haiku could not be found try again later 
59 days until christmas . i better start untangling the lights . 
what do you call breads ability to smell ? ... naan sense ! 
so i heard the brits have a new dating app it's called kinder . 
what do you call a marshmallow eaten by aliens ? a mars - mallow 
what do you call ham that feels better ? cured ham . 
my dyslexic girlfriend tries really hard but always ends up 96ing me . 
how do you sabotage a space mission ? send matt damon 
why is the computer d drive always sad ? d : 
using the toilet on the airplane means i'm certified to teach yoga now . 
who was the blind horse jealous of ? the seahorse . 
what's a room full of saurkraut ? over - krauted . 
what is a stone's favourite robbie williams song ? * rock * dj . 
i am learning from my mistake now . my son taught me maths today 
winter - pros : chestnuts roasting . cons : deez nuts freezing . 
which rabbit is a famous comedian ? bob hop . 
as an outsider , what do you think of the human race ? 
what is small , bald and wrinkled ? danny devito 
brostache117 , penguin_party12345 , d3athfromab0v3x and thewakingforce 
where would you find an algebraic sailors hat ? indice 
why do the horses hate the jockey ? because he's a horse racist . 
how are clinton scandals like pokemon ? you'll never catch them all . 
the best day ever by trudy light 
* bride and groom kiss * minister : wow im like right here 
do i speak german ? nein 
gift cards are another way of saying , don't spend this on dope . 
what if the skywire guy starts doing gangnam style ? ? 
the key to wrapping presents is to think outside the box . 
" hire me or i'll eat your family . " - effective bear resume 
a volvo runs over a nokia ... ... the world explodes . 
how do you eat an elephant ? one bite at a time . 
when i die donate my body to science science : no thanks we're good 
get - rich - quick schemes rarely make much cents 
what's your dog's name ? icebreaker . 
your mother has the prettiest teeth i ever came across . 
who is the biggest singer right now ? ariana grande 
overheard : " i think that guy is listening to us . " 
i need professional help . a chef and a butler should do it . 
today i got a good deal from comcast . 
what do japanses pirates do ? fry pranes . 
what is a jockey's motto ? put your money where your mount is ! 
how much does a dead battery cost ? it's free of charge 
i tried to download an atv . but it was a bit buggy . 
pavlov that name rings a bell . 
when professors with tenure need a quick snack do they eat academia nuts ? 
you would have thought that someone would have invented hindsight sooner . 
girl , you're like speeding in a construction zone ... double fine 
why did the fish fall off it's bike ? it's a fish . 
i would love to go to the bar tonight but , people . 
who delivers presents to the hood ? crip cringle . 
very funny comedy my church night vigil 
why does michael scott hate hamlet ? toby or not toby 
how do introverts feel within society ? removed 
i save money on condoms by not getting laid . 
1000 pounds of oranges . is a ton of oranges . 
what brand of underwear do zombies wear ? haaaaaannnnnneeeeeessssss 
have you heard about marx's tomb ? they say it's a communist plot 
what is long and hard on a newfie ? grade 1 . 
why is mickeys dog named pluto ? because hes not a planet . 
your dad wrote a letter to harambe his pen is out for harambe 
i use to have a soap addiction ... but i'm clean now 
how often do i drink blue moon ? once in awhile . 
failure is not falling down , it is not getting up again . 
what's helen keller's favorite mouthwash ? jergen's lotion . 
why are wendy's burgers so good ? because they don't cut corners . 
what do communists put in their soup ? soviet onions . 
i missed you with all my darts 
what's the ugliest shape ? an eyesoresceles triangle . 
what kind of house does chuck norris live in ? a roundhouse . 
being a gentleman never goes out of style . 
a blonde gets an acceptance letter to harvard . 
accidentally called the guy at the oil change place " mom " 
few things are as consistently weird as the guy girl handshake . 
this joke is like a jamaican barbershop ... dreadful 
why do fish always sing off key ? you can't tuna fish . 
why do pigs run from medicine ? they hate getting cured . 
why are cows so horny ? cause they're always in the moo'd ! 
what is kathy griffin's screen saver ? celebrity names dropping . 
there was an explosion at a french cheese factory de brie everywhere . 
what is the national bird of afghanistan ? the boeing 757 
receptionist at a sperm bank " thanks for coming . " 
what did the chill pigeon say ? coo . coo . 
if we help kurdistan attack isis ... they could become waswas 
your momma's so fat ... she's diabetic . 
what does spiderman do when he's not fighting crime ? web development . 
why does barbie like halloween ? it's pump - ken time 
sorry , page 2 of google searches . 
it's too human to go outside . 
all the problems fade before a hangover 
entered a blindfolded masturbation contest the other day ... no idea where i came 
my father had a stroke he's all right now . 
it's impossible to own two weiner dogs because that's a paradachshund 
i just got early access to the new injustice : mods among us . 
what did the miner say when he struck gold ? au , yeah ! 
once you learn about confirmation bias ... ... you start seeing it everywhere ! 
why is reddit called reddit because everyone keeps reposting the same stuff . 
a cheap concert 50 cent starring nickleback 
your linkedin says you have a job but your snapchat says otherwise . 
so apparently they have to hire you to take off your shirt at abercrombie 
what's the most flexible type of music group ? an elastic band . 
joke 439057 
husband : quick . what's this song ? me : awful . 
schrodinger's hater gonna both hate and not hate . 
i'm very serious about my cereal . i'm all about that life . 
i knew that wouldn't flush when i ate it . 
pretty disappointed to find out hgtv doesn't stand for hugh grant tv 
leaving a warm bed on a cold morning is my personal hell . 
apples are my second favourite fruit . they're sublime ! 
what do you call delicious vietnamese food ? vietnoms 
what do mad cow disease and pms have in common ? angry heifers . 
did your mom get those plane tickets ? i'm taking her to pound town 
what kind of church music do they sing in finland ? finnish hymn ! 
what's the coolest kind of surgery ? hip surgery . 
what happens if you built communism in sahara answer : shortages of sand 
i felt super exhausted after giving blood . it's such a draining procedure . 
why are ballerinas so vigilant ? they are always kept on their toes . 
who is the president of the trees ? barkoak palma 
life ... it's just an f in lie . 
what mammal dies after it mates ? anyone that goes near my wife ! 
does anyone know watt is the unit for power ? 
why did twoface go to the dentist ? he dented his tooth 
what is horse sense ? stable thinking and the ability to say nay ! 
my favorite pickup line ... the ford f series 
chuck norris brushes his teeth with barbed wire . 
" whose line is it anyway ? " - generous cocaine party guests 
how did viking ships communicate ? norse code . 
what do you call will smith's crying daughter ? a weeping willow . 
what is a pirate's favorite part of music theory ? arrrr - peggios ! 
i don't do drugs anymore i don't do them any less either . 
squirrels are tv for homeless people 
why do so many pigs die whilst eating apples ? 
what's on the inside of a clean nose ? fingerprints . 
i'm missing a 5 sided shape it's penta - gone . 
why are dentists really good hackers ? because they always get root access . 
how do you confuse a complete idiot ? 32 
i'm forever disappointed that a group of squids isn't called a squad . 
you need jesus in your life ... that lawn won't mow by itself 
" all dressed up and nowhere to go . " - penguins 
why did you destroy that urinal cake ? peer pressure 
what do planets read ? comet books . 
i just made an april fool's joke . too soon ? 
there's furniture items that allow sfw swearing . that's sofa king nice . 
how are 6 women like a golf course ? nsfw 18 holes 
this is how you do an april fools joke ... deleted 
what do bees wear in the winter ? * yellow jackets * 
april is autism awareness month anyone here aware they have autism 
chuck norris already counted up to the infinite ... two times . 
i can give you the reason for anaphylactic shock in a nutshell . 
psychiatrist " tell me about your trust issues . " me " no " 
i'm confused about plants 
a compilation of jokes please insert jokes here 
apparently telling someone you'll catch their next wedding is unacceptable , whatevers . 
what's bill gates's favorite dessert apple turnover 
ichabod crane in the streets the headless horseman in the sheets 
a cubicle is just a padded cell without a door . 
what came first the ch - neutrino . 
why can't america tell knock knock jokes ? cause freedom rings ! 
why do stormtroopers make good drivers ? they won't ever hit anything . 
you can't name your dog jeff , that's illegal 
never argue with a woman when she's tired ... or when she's rested . 
what religion believes in the big bang ? islam . 
i need a new waffle iron . these waffles are still wrinkled . 
32nd rule of fight club is no peanut products are allowed at fight club 
why are yachts and ships so scary ? because they're for boating . 
i'm very concerned with sleeveless shirts as of late i have a vested interest 
cameron cameroff 
what's baked every day and sells itself ? my sister . 
who saw him go ? by wendy leeve 
my uncle came out of the closet yesterday 
what are a clumsy person's favorite flowers ? oopsie daisies . 
i suspect the number 200 sometimes impersonates the word zoo . 
what is the official novel of mexico ? tequila mockingbird 
osama bin laden should have hid in myspace 
why is op's dog never satisfied ? they don't do liver 
i'm going to a medieval wedding and i need some one liners . 
babies cry so that we can remember where we left them . 
he's 52 , from now on let's just call him john depp . 
what are peas attracted to ? chickpeas 
i like to diffuse situations with humornnnnnnnnnand a machete 
what do you call it when whales form a band . an orcastra . 
rule number one of crossfit always talk about crossfit ! 
what's a pilots least favorite holiday ? may day ! 
" it's a dog - eat - dog world . " - hannibal labradoodle 
how much of canada has a person from iqaluit seen ? nunavut . 
10 people understand binary . those who do , and those who dont . 
if history is any indication a lot more stuff is bound to happen . 
when a soldier goes sentimental , his favorite band will be guns'n roses . 
if you can't hear me it's because i'm in parentheses . 
i kissed a grill once . it was pretty hot . 
everyone hates their job until someone brings cupcakes in . 
what did king arthur have for breakfast ? eggcalibur . 
soulmate sounds like something satan puts in his coffee . 
why are chihuahuas such good bedtime storytellers ? they have short tales ! 
kids got jokes 
satoru iwata is in a much better place ... ... he's with nintendo . 
why do they use sterilized needles for death by lethal injection ? 
opinions are like herpes outbreaks . nobody wants them . 
shout out to those who can't hear good 
original joke it may not have been funny but at least it was original 
what's small , round , and blue ? a cranberry holding its breath . 
nomore all of these nomore commercials make me want to punch my wife 
can i homeless person a cigarette off someone 
i think i'll tivo my kids and watch them later . 
meth addicts gets all their drug money from the tooth fairy . 
where do you put people with adhd ? a concentration camp 
how do it technicians prefer to be paid ? cache in hand . 
who is the prime minister of israol ? netanyahoo 
" come reckon with me bro . " - force 
trump is a blonde he has yellow hair ! wocka wocka ! 
how did the clock get cancer ? second - hand smoke ! 
idk why you kept reading 
what do you call an area where an octopus is sitting ? octopied 
what is the most common cause of feline blindness ? cataracts 
182 , 000 americans die from chuck norris - related accidents every year . 
i have but two words to describe avogadro's number holy moley ! 
why did the boxer rebellion fail ? they had no qin 
do you know what they call leprechaun pee ? urine luck ! 
pms jokes aren't funny period . 
what would you name someone who can predict when people sneeze ? nostrildamus 
sometimes i think " what would dexter do " ? 
how did steve get the clues ? blew the dog 
mayweather will probably win against pacquiao he gets extra practice with his wife . 
millennials make the best spys ... they've got nothing to lose . 
i hate when someone steals my idea before i've had it . 
why does highlander 2 exist ? there can only be one . 
what gives wookies cancer ? chewbacco 
due to inflation , a picture is now only worth 332 words . 
a lawyer takes the bar 
wanna watch netflix in h ? i'll give you the d later . 
i bet you are a taurus ... because you are a fat cow . 
do you guys gals like horse jokes ? yeah or neeiiigghh ? 
in his college years jesus could turn oregano into weed 
prayer : don't give god instructions - - just report for duty ! 
leonardo dicaprisun 
me : phone a friend judge : that's not how this works 
i laugh at my own jokes so you don't have to . 
love so rare , you can still hear it moo . 
just realized horses can't hug and now i can't sleep 
what killed phil hughes ? ebola . 
whats the difference between yoghurt and the usa ? yoghurt has a culture . 
i'm still upset they never let me bunt in tball . 
how do trains fall in love ? it attracks another one . 
" needless to say ... ... " 
why isn't " cheating " a relationship status on facebook ? 
people found guilty of not using punctuation deserve the longest sentence possible . 
losing an electric drill by andy gadget 
the eu is like a box of chocolates nobody likes the turkish . 
my friend likes going out . recently he went out of his mind . 
idioms are for the birds 
what kills thousands of smokers a year ? natural causes 
the view of your bedroom is perfect from this tree ! 
which weapon has the least amount of drawbacks ? a bow . 
yo mama is so fat that she is voting for sanders colonel sanders 
i would send a joke but my autobiography hasn't come out yet 
what does a british man say when he's about to climax ? i'm arriving 
today's no reddit day . don't reply to this 
my gf can't stand that i'm a model prisoner 
does " who cares " count as advice ? 
has jack johnson done a ted talk on chillaxing yet ? 
joke - boy and his train set 
what happens to the taxidermist after he eats ? he gets stuffed . 
one of hillary clinton's personal emails ... deleted 
don't smoke kids ... because smoking kids is illegal . 
i'd really love to study philosophy ... but i kant . 
pun friday ! comment your favorite puns , please 
i'll never have a stable job i don't really enjoy working with horses 
irony jokes won't it be irony to die in a living room 
for every action , there is a corresponding over - reaction . 
why is wendy never pregnant ? because peter's sperm neverlands . 
why has r jokes won an environmental award ? everything gets recycled . 
stay out of sight - lei lo 
in world war 3 , which country would retreat first ? iran . 
getting real sick of all the dragon ball z references ... just saiyan ... 
what do you give an injured alligator ? gatorade 
which side of the plate does the phone go on ? 
why doesn't each pokemon have an additional poke ball ? testicular cancer 
i'm not poor . i'm big - loaned . 
what's the difference between organized crime and politics ? one's organized . 
why do pediatricians get so frustrated ? they have very little patients . 
twitter , because my work isn't just going to ignore itself . 
what do old people smell like . depends . 
my roommate thinks i have schizophrenia which is weird because i live alone . 
china must be a huge sausage - fest by now . 
what's the thin line between love and hate ? a condom . 
what does it take to kill a joke bad timing 
what do vegetable do when they got robbed ? they dont . 
namaste or namago . 
sometimes i make statements in the tone of a question ? 
my girlfriend is like the square root of 2 . irrational . 
what did the florida boy have on his feet ? crocs 
what do you call a kid who falls into a gorilla enclosure ? zoolander 
originally i didn't like having a beard but then it grew on me . 
september 1st never forget 
dudes named chance never had one . 
i experimented a lot in college . i was a chemistry major . 
if a camera adds 10 pounds ... do african children even exist ? 
" now , tell me i'm pretty " - me as a hypnotist 
why send male soldiers into war women on there period is good enough 
why was the amish girl kicked out of her community ? too mennonite 
who always wins the insect election ? the lesser of two weevils . 
what sport is played in spanish churches ? la cross 
it's okay to smoke weed in the rain , but don't in hail 
you'd think a dude named captain crunch would have amazing abs . 
the vegetable crisper or as i call it , the cold garbage can . 
2016 ends with mariah carey dying on the stage . 
10 times out of 9 , you'll find me exaggerating about something . 
what's another name for an irrational fear of clowns ? common sense . 
technically everyone who's not a doctor is premed 
i don't really like coffee it's just not my cup of tea 
question about god ? if god can do anything can he do nothing ? 
why should ray charles be a psychologist ? because he feels for everyone . 
how do comedians stay in shape ? they do set ups . 
the first rule of fight club is don't hit hard i'm very sensitive 
michael j . fox he's really just trying to master the force . 
don't commit suicide ! it's illegal to destroy government property . 
what food are you able to can ? cannibal can able food . 
the idiotic girl lets like o_o 
beluga whale backstroke and blowing water http : youtu . be m6f1vovjtp4 
my credit score 
why did comic sans's girlfriend leave him ? he just wasn't her type . 
the key to a good joke is missed erection 
customer : " how do i print my voicemail ? " 
i know pluto isn't a planet you moron . pluto's a dog . 
what did rouge say just before murdering crimison ? hue hue hue 
never tell a joke to a kleptomaniac they take things literally 
did you try turning your relationship off and then back on again ? 
archimedes principle floats my boat . 
" it's going to be amazing ! " no , it's not . 
where do rabbits learn to fly ? the hare force 
the softest type of toilet paper is cats . 
why did the banker resign ? his customers lost interest in him . 
the united kingdom . a country whose name is now ironic . 
how do u do molly safely ? wear a condm . 
scrabble , it's all fun and games until someone loses an i . 
a snake walks into a bar " how did you do that ? " 
why didn't anyone care about the circus ? because it was irr - elephant 
whoever called it rush hour should not be allowed to name anything else . 
what bird can write underwater ? a ball - point penguin ! 
yosemite sam would use the n - word . 
i haven't gotten laid all year and its not even 2017 yet 
what musical instrument should you never , ever trust ? the lyre . 
a girl told me her exact age . 
what kind of ship never sinks ? a dictatorship . * sobs * 
being a hypochondriac is going to save my life one of these days 
what's the most famous coffee in afghanistan ? osama bin latte 
battered women ... ... sounds delicious . but that doesn't make it right ! 
johnny depp dresses like a human dreamcatcher . 
why are farmers cruel ? they pull corn by the ears . 
shrek came out in 2001 good for him 
so far i've kept my resolution to not date any super models . 
looks like my milk is expiring tomorrow ... just like america . 
what do you call a french pole vaulter ? a leap frog 
how many countries border germany ? nein ! 
stop making history jokes ! ! they're getting old . 
it's creepy that the only ingredient in fruit is fruit . 
adele broke my headphones it always says hello from one side joke stolen 
what is a police called on her period ? red bull 
how did the musician catch his fish ? he castanet 
til a post won't be removed if it is in the wrong subreddit . 
my friend can't eat pizza because he's lactose intolerant it gives him pizzeria 
what do you call a story about beastiality ? fifty shades of neigh 
james bond slept through an earthquake he was shaken , not stirred . 
one in 3 americans weighs as much as the other two combined 
i turned 18 today so the first thing i did was your mom 
chemically speaking , alcohol is a solution . 
r news hears about turkey removed 
favorite mythological creature someone on tumblr who isn't oppressed 
what is today's best punch line ? paul christoforo 
the realization that netflix knows me better than my closest friends ... . 
when doesn't a telephone work underwater ? when it's wringing wet ! 
it's weird how scantrons make you go 2 all over them . 
what is dill bread made from ? dill dough . 
did you know jesus has nice abs ? he does crossfit . 
circus stocks are up because the clowns sure are making a killing . 
when you're russian ... there's no time for stalin 
what does an angry pepper do ? it gets jalepeno face . 
what kind of gas supports violence ? pro - pain 
who is the most communist cat in the world ? meow zedong 
makes a voodoo doll of himself gives it a little back rub 
i am fluent in three languages ... english , sarcasm , and profanity 
how do you drown a hipster ? drag him into the mainstream . 
still not sure if construction paper is used in construction . 
if i text you first you are probably amazing . 
what do filipinos call canada ? upper u . s . 
why do nice guys make good lovers ? they always finish last . 
need tips on making something look like an accident . 
whats e . t . s first name ? yodela 
what's the most useful type of hat ? a handy - cap 
how do you fix the dishwasher ? smack her . 
if everyone has a beautiful side , i guess i'm a circle . 
once upon a time a guy was left hanging ... 
i bet pope benedict will appear on celebrity rehab this season . 
your grandparents used to kiss with tongues , probably 
what are children generally better at then adults ? giving the pope an errection 
anyone who says time flies , has obviously never been on a treadmill . 
corn on the cob today is corn on the log tomorrow . 
why do monks wear such plain clothes ? it's a habit . 
the speed at which i can prepare food during a commercial break is amazing 
do you have small pox ? because your face looks kind apache ! 
is israel real ? if palestinians eyes are real ? 
what's the affirmative response to a jamaican mother ? yeah mom ! 
what do you call somebody who posts on r jokes ? a humorist 
* stomps feet during a tantrum , reaches fitbit step goal * 
what is the name of tyler perry's son ? tyler perry's son . 
who's coca colas favourite rapper ? 2 - pop 
what do you call it when you torture corn to death ? macabre ! 
what tends to satisfy thirst the most ? waterboarding . 
* robot watches me vape * robot : mm yeah but swallow it 
what's a whales favorite musical group ? an orcastra 
why do ants not go to church ? because their in sects 
not to brag , but netflix recommends certain movies just for me . 
my first name is not damn signed , autocorrect 
my new year's resolution is that donuts have no calories . 
what did hitler call his recliner ? mein kampf - y chair . 
what dog is a cousin to the dalmatian ? a spot - weiler ! 
jared's favorite dressing on his subway sandwich is neverland ranch . i'm sorry . 
anyone know a good lawyer ? question sponsored by al tebehalah's discount lobotomies 
sometimes i like to run through the street making super mario sound effects . 
i'm in a band called arrogant rat we're like modest mouse but way better 
what's a good source of vietnamese renewable energy ? a nguyen mill . 
there's a new biographic movie about tolstoi tolstory coming soon to theaters near you 
my favourite german jokes 1 . 
what did paul walker say after filiming the car chase scene ? 
screw it , i'm starting friday now . 
what gets harder the longer it stays in your mouth ? bubblegum 
cigarette's killed my wife . she was run over by the marlboro truck . 
gonna get my girlfriend a pickaxe for valentine's day . because she's a minor 
what's hitler's least favorite beatles song ? hey jude 
it's always cool to swallow your pride unless you're a lion . lol 
relationship status i just caught myself stroking my gear shifter in traffic . 
serious tell me an offensive joke ... 
when a cop eats bacon is it considered cannibalism ? 
the worst part about being narcoleptic is that you constantly get interru 
" money isn't everything , " i say , poorly . 
why didn't hitler cross the road ? because he could nazi anything 
what is a coronation street resident's least favourite football team ? tramnear rovers 
isis is now engaged in amphibious warfare ... they started killing frogs 
how does good deodorant smell ? odorable . 
i think i'm addicted to roofies ... i can't remember though 
women are natures version of the rubiks cube . 
to make a mistake is human . to admit a mistake is stupid . 
you know what grinds my gears ? improper gear ratios and speed differences . 
how do you make a sandwich legendary ? make it on dark rye 
nothing is better than studying that's why i do nothing . 
what noise does a cat make when it drives past really fast ? meeeeeeeoooooowwwww 
i have a serious salad problem ... ... it needs a dressing . 
if love is the answer , could you rephrase the question ? 
yo mama so stupid she went to the orthodontist to get a blue tooth 
i'm special . my school told me so . 
what would people call an old john cena ? john senile 
what do australian emos use to cut their wrists ? rise up lights 
chuck norris once roundhouse - kicked a ten dollar bill into 200 nickels . 
what social media site do the undead use ? tomblr . 
this joke isn't funny . donald trump 
what vocation can transform anything into a gate ? a reporter . 
why did ellen pao punch the puppy ? cause shes terrible . 
presidential disinfectant hydrogen barackside 
what did elmo take before he left the tickle factory ? two test tickles 
what kind of parasites do gangstas get ? thug lice . 
i just electrocuted myself it really hertz 
whats the opposite of under ? der . 
always wondered why female sentence fragments are so chill no period 
which gun has a perfect rating ? a five - seven . 
i hate racist jokes . i don't like people laughing at my beliefs . 
cleaning out my handbag . wondering if nine pens are enough . 
i just saw an 8 year old hipster . your move , apocalypse . 
a blind man walks into an i store " 2 please " 
woke up in a graveyard . never felt more alive . 
the three modes of communication telephone , telegraph and tell a woman 
they told us to get in formation so , i started investigating . 
what does prison have in common with biology ? cell culture . 
more like " arsey cola " 
canadian court ... do you plead sorry or not sorry ? 
when siri has her period she uses an ipad . i hate myself . 
what time is it ? * * boom ! * * 
my snowboarding career has really gone downhill . 
a man was arrested for eating ... he was at food court 
how do single people honor valentine's day ? by celibating ! 
i want my abs to be like nhs nurses ... cut 
armadillos are quite expensive . they usually cost an arm and a leg . 
what world athletic sporting event is held every four years ? the olympigs ! 
reddit more like shmreddit 
au don't you dare downvote . that joke was pure gold . 
every day , i win arguments from 10 years ago in the shower . 
i dropped my phone , is everyone okay ? ! 
what did the judge order in his whiskey ? just ice 
i got fired from the church nursery for racing the babies . 
nothing in life is " fun for the whole family . " 
i work out religiously ... on christmas and easter ! 
why do astronomers put beef in their shampoo ? for meatier showers . 
im not narcissistic . i'm perfect . 
holocaust jokes are ... hitlarious . 
me : hello darkness my old friend darkness : i have a boyfriend . 
i can't believe i don't get more recognition for being really modest 
wanna hear something ironic ? aliens abduct a fisherman 
who is jay gatsby's favorite comic book character ? deadpool . 
she's not my fake internet girlfriend , she's my ebae . 
oc where did the cavemen live ? neandertown ! 
damn girl you like ice tea like mr . t but cooler 
i tried to download ford racing 2 today ... it crashed . 
shampoo for my real friends , real poo for my sham friends . 
how tall is bruno mars ? 
do you believe in life after love ? ted bundy apparently didn't . 
if you start peeing out blood urine big trouble 
how do british people explain a period . . ? bloody hell 
my dog smells ... ... like philippino food . 
where do pirates store their files ? on their rrrrrrr drive . 
let's put a little smile on that face ... 
what does a german soccer player call his cleats ? das boots 
yo mama so fat she sat on a rainbow and made skittles . 
the average monkey swallows 7 spider - monkeys every single night . 
karma for jokes you dont get it ? 
meta if our roles were reversed ... i'd upvote your post . 
what's the most common career choice among spiders ? web development 
what is a neckbeard's favorite denomination of time ? m'll enium 
did you know ? statistically , six out of seven dwarves aren't happy . 
confucius say : nazi soldier who popular with ladies may be hungaryan . 
flirting is dangerous business . one wrong move and you're committed . 
i'm so poor ... i just rinsed off a paper plate . 
you had me at let's get divorced . 
have homeless dudes tried just running a comb through their hair ? 
it's not much of a tattoo . more of an inkling . 
wait i thought laser eye surgery meant i get laser eyes 
i want a car horn that shouts obscenities . 
what do you call a worried bounty hunter ? boba fret 
native americans had a word for " bad hunter " vegetarian . 
still haven't mastered the art of gracefully taking off a sweatshirt . 
if your name is nancy and you get pregnant you will be pregnancy . 
a paper cut is a tree's last revenge . 
just taught my kids about taxes by eating 38 of their ice cream . 
a conscience is what hurts when all your other parts feel so good . 
why was the windows pc broke ? it ran out of cache . 
have you guys ever seen any of my exes ? exactly . 
what's finn's favorite grocery store ? tr - 8r poe's . 
i bet batman wears liam neeson underwear . 
disaste . phew , that almost spelled disaster . 
what has 2000 eyes and 4000 feet ? a thousand dogs . 
iama request ups delivery man . i hope op delivers . 
speed was unrealistic because nobody riding a bus wants to live 
my friend tells me he graduated from europe with a celsius in engineering . 
how does a hacker speak with bread ? he uses wheat speak . 
what blood type do canadians have ? type " eh " 
whoever named them " sugar cookies " could've tried a little harder . 
how does the addidas executive work through the night ? three lines 
what do vampire footballers have at half - time ? blood oranges . 
what do you call a really pompous person with high blood pressure ? hyperpretentious 
i wasn't lying , i was just writing fiction with my mouth . 
what type of cancer do mimes get ? gesticular 
what's a dog favourite hobby ? collecting fleas ! 
how many unwashed gorillas did fetty wap buy ? 17 dirty apes . 
what don't elephants forget when they go swimming ? their trunks . 
north korea bans sarcasm what a great idea . 
what is the brown sticky stuff between an elephant's toes ? slow natives . 
yo mama so fat she put on her lipstick with a paint - roller 
you down with add ? yeah you know me 
why isn't there a sprite history month 
warning : dad joke what is a dog's favorite christmas song ? fleas navidad 
what comes at the end of every ray rice joke ? the punchline 
firing victoria of iama 
laziness level : i get jealous when it's bedtime in other countries 
my first mistake was thinking she couldn't hit a moving target . 
danger is my middle name . nnfirst name : avoidsnlast name : completely 
what is the name of mark zuckerbergs mother ? motherzucker 
two stutterers went to order food they didn't . 
my ideal woman is a single mother ... once i've finished with her . 
a gingerbread man veteran ... lost his legs in nom 
what's white , lumpy , and extremely dangerous ? shark infested mashed potatoes . 
i hate when people put the beginning of the joke a second time 
that's 49 - 7 in dog goals . 
what's dean martin's favorite eel ? that's a moray . 
i don't think i'm better than you . i never think about you . 
why did the polynomial tree fall over ? it didn't have any real roots 
a dyslexic optometrist diagnosed a patient with stigmata . 
what did the llama say when asked to a picnic ? alpaca lunch ! 
it was really foggy on my way home today looked quite misterious 
what do you call someone that delivers baby horses ? an equinecologist . 
ironically caps lock is a key . 
what kind of seagull flies over a bay ? a bay - gull 
what does a blood learn in kindergarten ? his abb's 
transphobia 
what rating did moody's give to the sheep ? baaa 
the world loves apple but apple's ceo loves banana's 
motstand ar meningslost . - bjorn borg 
currently the flower business is blooming . 
hey dad i'm tired ! there's a nap for that . : 
spelling bee your word is harry potter voldermort : avada kedavra ! 
what cant you spell slaughter without ? laughter 
what do you call a crying anime fan ... a weeaboo - hoo 
when humorists pole - dance it's called a comic strip . 
what did the thirsty spanish pirate say ? i need some arrrrrrrrrrrgua ! 
where there's a will ... there's a relative . 
what does batman do with all his spare money ? he makes it wayne 
my islamic friend had a birthday party ... it was a blast ! 
it's two in the morning . do you know where your blankets are ? 
how much does a flight to rio cost ? a brazilian dollars . 
driving goddamn pedestrians walking goddamn drivers both goddamn cyclists 
what does a sneeze see after it dies sneezus 
i was always a home builder but lately i've developed an apartment complex . 
where do holy men sleep ? monk beds . 
texas ... it's not the heat , it's the stupidity . 
my dad's tv volume is always set at " screw the neighbors " . 
where do senior citizens often go to the restroom ? depends . 
america , you're fired . love , united nations 
i came , i saw , the neighbors complained . 
so you hate facebook ? thanks for sharing that with me on facebook . 
omg . i saw leonardo da vinci trending and thought he died . 
still wondering if rick astley gives up anything for lent . 
you so ugly on halloween someone said scary costume . 
if i wasn't too busy adulting ... i'd be kidding 
according to webmd , given my symptoms , i died 9 years ago . 
what's an environmentalist's favorite part of a computer ? the recycle bin . 
why did the python do national service ? he was coiled up ! 
there's literally no way to know how many chameleons are in your house 
so my math teacher asked what i did over thanksgiving ... - 1 8 
i was writing a book about abortion sadly it never delivered . 
i'm trying to imagine you with a personality . 
yo momma's so dumb ... ... she voted for trump . 
what comes after the third car ? the ford car . 
an entire cheerleader civilization was wiped out in the eruption at pompompeii . 
where did the farmer find his missing baby horse ? in the foliage . 
just think : right now , your body is cookin up some poop . 
what did vizzini say when he heard of your mom's abortion ? inconceivable . 
what always stays hot in the refrigerator ? horseradish 
should crematoriums give discounts for burn victims ? 
what's the only animal that can't get hit in the head ? duck . 
what does a astronaut put in a sandwich ? space jam 
want to hear my favorite joke ? 729271 
what's forrest gump's favorite diner ? dennays 
the next world cup is going to be held in nevada fifa las vegas 
i told a fish joke the other day ... it went swimmingly . 
you can baby proof your house instantly by not inviting any babies over . 
what is the stinkiest businessman ? entra - manure 
if life gives you melons ... check for dyslexia 
people always tell me to act my age so i bought expensive cheese . 
why did princess leia spit and not swallow ? because it was chewy 
comic sans is like if guy fieri were a font . 
what do you call two diamonds in a healthy relationship ? carbon dating 
two blondes walk into a library that's the joke 
no one wants to hear about anyone else's niece . 
auto correct is my worst enema . 
my girlfriend hates my cheesy jokes they really grate on her 
she - get lost me - * jumps in her wardrobe * 
introverts have fun too , we just don't care if you know ... 
was hitler's favorite number 8 ? nein nein nein ! 
i tried to put two apples together but then i got a pear 
i heard a great hipaa joke yesterday but i can't tell you ! 
vodka doesn't care about your 70's bush ... 
what's the shortest tom cruise joke ? he walks into a bra . 
me and julio at least 500 feet away from the schoolyard 
here's a good joke ! r twoxchromosomes 
what does david bowie get at the supermarket ? can - cer 
boss told me to glue 2 pieces of wood together totally nailed it 
does anyone remember gotye ? now he's just somebody that we used to know 
can you name even one east african country ? well , kenya ? 
i pray every night that i never become religious ... 
" the last sup ? " - cool bible 
are you from heaven ? because you look like you just died 
what are brazilian fans called ? brazil nuts ! 
a frog's car broke down . . it gets " toad " away . 
brushed the fur off my couch and made another cat . 
what's the worst swear word to a tv exec ? godhole . 
what did the eggs say when the cops showed up ? everybody scramble ! 
tifu by shamelessly copying a top post whoops wrong sub 
matthew mcconaughey's acting secret is that he always just came 
chuck norris won the origami championship in 1983 ... folding a rock 
what's the last thing a redneck says before he dies ? watch this ! 
drink responsibly ? responsibility is why i drink . 
if nerds play rpgs , what do geeks play ? rbgs . 
3yo : what are you eating ? me : mouthful of cookies vegetables 
which burger is famous for a long nose ? cyrano de burgerac ! 
what is a pirates favourite part of a fish ? the aye 
accents are important . would you rather be touched by jesus or jesus ? 
i never forget a face but in your case i'll make an exception . 
have you met the mushroom man ? he's a real fun guy . 
i'm a necrophiliac . i like my heine's cold . 
miles davis is 1 , 6 times longer than his european cousin kilometers davis 
what musical instrument is found in the bathroom ? a tuba toothpaste . 
i hate scrubbing the floor it's beneath me . 
yo mama so old ... she pre - ordered the bible ! 
tell my wifi love her . 
an awkward morning beats a boring night . 
did you hear that funny amy schumer joke ? me either . 
i was paper - thin as a kid . so i got ripped . 
friends are like bricks it's kinda funny when you throw them through a window 
what does a catholic eat at the movies ? pope - corn 
why are baby cows considered lunch meat ? because calves are below - knee 
it's better to be a worldwide alcoholic , than an alcoholic anonymous . 
what does a super saiyan always put on his sandwich ? ka - mayomayo 
come to the dark side ... . we don't pay our electric bill . 
you might think you're smart until you try using someone else's microwave . 
nothing scares people away like saying something positive on the internet . 
my spirit animal is a tapeworm . 
i work in a bar called advice . i get really good tips . 
i take my wife out everywhere ... except that she keeps coming back ! 
million dollar idea : make 100 , 000 ten times 
why did the cannibal leave the restaurant ? because he got cold feet . 
do you speak sign language ? no , we sign it . 
moonwalking away after mugging someone because you're a smooth criminal . 
why did the lobster refuse to help anyone else ? because he's shellfish 
imagine me riding a bike . wrong . there's no seat . 
i'll pay extra for the hairdresser comfortable with silence . 
athene kappa 
appearing to be productive at work requires more effort than actually being productive . 
what happens when a lawyer becomes the leader of communities ? deleted 
why didn't the rock make it to work today ? he was stoned 
what's cooler than being cool ? being 0k . 
what do albanian kids want to be when they grow up ? italian 
i think the sun shouldn't come up until at least noon on saturdays . 
why didn't the shepard cut off his sheep's wool ? shear laziness . 
w . i . f . e will investigate find out everything 
what is siri really good at ? playing pocket pool . 
a baker's gotta work - to put bread on the table . 
i like my reddit posts like i like my internet search history deleted 
the least offensive joke ever . the french military . 
the best way to eat a salad is to order a pizza instead . 
how does ellen degeneres fire an arrow ? with her les - bow . 
just saw the first duckface of spring . 
my yoga teacher is awesome . she really bends over backwards . 
goodnight computer * instantly grabs phone * 
what does grandma's crotch smell like ? depends 
i've got my ion you , baby ! 
i like my pick - up lines how i like my cheetos dangerously cheesy 
apparently today is coming out day in chile . 
yelling " you're not my real ladder ! " at your step ladder . 
what is it exactly that separates man from animal ? divorce 
how does a penguin keep itself hydrated ? his waddle bottle . 
overworked employee in india 
what fruit worries teenagers the most ? a promegranate . 
why cant you hear a pterodactyl go pee ? dinosaurs are extinct 
" remember six seconds ago when you were comfortable ? " - oscillating fans 
what do people store their fondest memories in ? a nostaljar . 
reddit servers 
to clean up or just move . this is the question . 
99 problems . 99 bottles of beer on the wall . problems solved . 
a chickpea goes to a liberal arts college ... what's its major ? falafelphy 
you are the reason santa even has a naughty list . 
what was a tramp stamp in the 19th century ? a slattern pattern 
so a developer walks into a var . . that's all i got 
chuck norris once participated in the running of the bulls . he walked . 
a wizard who likes to give zombies hickies is . . a neckromancer . 
our family motto is " who took my phone charger ? " 
my ex - girlfriend is like a chocolate she killed my dog 
slugs are obviously snails that have been through a divorce . 
a website where low life fat virgins go . www . reddit . com 
" i'm so stoked ! " - an excited fireplace 
this entire pizza told me thigh gaps are for queers . 
americans think of canada as a united states cover band . 
which chocolate stops dogs hair falling out ? malteasers 
how do you get garbanzo breath ? have a chickpea in your mouth 
hear about the kidnapping at school ? don't worry he woke up 
how much space does the eu have left ? 1gb 
please keep the christ in christmas , because hallochristween would just be weird . 
the iron vein ran out ... it was only a minor issue though . 
when life gives you lemons chances are you are high on lsd 
what do they say in vegetable church ? lettuce pray . 
what does a ghost pick out of his nose ? boo - gers 
what surfs the internet and goes choo choo ? thomas the search engine . 
what's a martini's favorite garnish ? olive em ! 
who has scene a dinosaur ? no one ! they're extinct ! 
what's a trump supporter's favorite topic ? hillary clinton . 
for women , perky breasts will one day be a distant mammary . 
there are only two types of news : real news and faux news . 
i only make mistakes when i'm around people who are observant . 
why do chat fail always look fake because they are 
where do german parents send their add kids ? concentration camps 
garbage men have hefty contracts . 
what's a german ninja drink beer out of ? a clandestein . 
what's yellow and flashes ? a banana with a loose connection . 
why did the music teacher get arrested so doe mi 
what does morpheus seek for paper cuts ? neosporin . 
where do cats go to vacation ? meowi 
how do french psychologists like their beverages ? froid 
why was vista afraid of seven ? cause seven eight ten . 
how do fish go into business ? the start on a small scale ! 
billion dollar idea : meth with flouride 
al gore started his own band ! they call themselves the algorythms 
if i can , and you can why clark kent ? 
what's mr . ts chain made out of ? fools gold 
your google search history is the real you . 
finally , google will be firmly ahead of apple ... ... alphabetically : 
how does a sociopath say goodbye ? manip - ya - later ! 
spoiler alert ! the milk's got 1 day left 
i hate it when people use the wrong preposition on a sentence 
to live 98 years and have no enemies 
what does expensive pasta cost ? a pretty penne 
what do you call the ghost of a native american accordion player ? pocahontas 
why does thomas edison hate ubisoft montreal cause he didn't like ac 
screw me if i am wrong , but haven't we met before ? 
you don't sweat much for a fat chick . 
chuck norris can lead a horse to water and make it drink . 
what's a vampire's favorite fruit . neck - tarine 
what does 36 16 equal to ? a prison sentence . 
what does a syrian pirate say ? allah akbarrr 
it's a bit drizzy out there ... expect a li'l wayne 
don't go broke trying to look rich ... act your wage 
how is 2 2 5 like your left foot ? it's not right . 
who's the most famous chair tester ? mike easter 
frankenstein the gardner why is frankenstein a great gardner ? ? ? ? 
what do you call a mormon action hero ? jean - claude van darn 
how does a door chime answer the phone ? bella ? 
him : you have such a beautiful soul . me : it's photoshopped . 
what sort of animals make the best tv presenters ? gnus - readers ! 
what's adam levine's favorite holiday ? halloween halloween halloween ! 
what's a whale's favourite brand of hair gel ? krill bream . 
my neutered cat has such a tiny girly voice must be a catstratti 
i wore a suit to walmart and they made me their king . 
" my eye is up here " - illuminati pyramid 
i've had enough of my wife . thought the bloated cannibal . 
i'd like to think inside your box . 
" i'm smart . everyone else is stupid " - everyone 
squirrels before girls . 
cop behind me just turned . best unfollow ever . 
skydiving without a parachute is a once in a lifetime experience . 
judge threw out a lawsuit against starbucks said the plaintiff had no grounds . 
what's the most difficult instrument for a percussionist to play ? a conundrum 
i once saw a skit about public hanging it had brilliant execution . 
suicide bomber " now i'm only gonna show you this once " 
premature ejaculating searches young woman ... oh ... . nevermind 
when i get a dog i'm going to name it syndrome 
i dont care about all the isis jokes they all blow up . 
i think i hear burglars dear . are you awake ? no ! 
how do you measure how sad someone is ? with a blues scale 
what's pink and hard ? the financial times crossword puzzle 
says yoda , " about me , no more jokes . " 
why is six afraid of seven ? because there's something odd about him 
* aims for the moon * * hits curb * 
why do cats love small spaces ? cause pussies gotta be tight 
you're just jealous because the voices are talking to me . 
u mad bro ? or just disappointed bro ? 
where does iron man get his e - mail ? fe - mail 
cd worms made tapeworms obsolete . 
i nicknamed my girlfriend melody because its loudest and always on top 
i warned everyone that i take charades seriously and now three people are crying 
how do you end a prayer to the noodle god ? ramen . 
sometimes it's not about missing someone , it's about reloading and trying again . 
what salesman has the slickest line ? a hair grease salesman . 
why do they call me seven days ? because i'm weak . 
how do hair stylists get in shape ? curling iron . 
what happened to the minter who went crazy ? he stopped making cents . 
what do you call an awesome internet site for frogs ? rebbit . 
when can't a pencil write out a check ? when it's broke . 
i posted something about turkey in r news deleted 
a teenage boy decides to stop masturbating . 
getting an arts degree ... ... 
environmentally friendly means to stop burning bridges and just throw people off of them 
i'll take a girl with a sharp wit . wits never sag . 
i left my keys on my piano ... that's it . 
advertising slogans are the official language of the united states of america 
imagine if a guy with a stutter was named history because history repeats himself 
why was the skeleton missing a funny bone because this joke ain't funny 
what happens when you play the drums incorrectly ? you get repercussions 
what is hitler's favourite type of pizza ? the hollow crust . 
what do you call it when a dinosaur crashes his car ? tyrannosaurus wrecks 
myhomelesssignwouldsay obama aint the only one who wants change 
surprise a beautiful person today by disagreeing with them . 
my girlfriend spilt hummus all over her ... can't believe that chick pea'd herself 
how to parallel park : 1 park somewhere else . 
marriage is nature's way of preventing people from fighting with strangers . 
which herbal tea goes best with heroin ? 
okay , i admit it . you're wrong . 
donald trump is playing cards , his favorite card is the trump card 
i don't take a duece i make gold like a lannister . 
what's the wisest kind of modeling putty ? play - toh . 
my wife's safe word : " not tonight " 
it's ok to believe in life after love . cher if you agree . 
diseases you get after marriage onegina 
don't worry . nobody else wants sharona . 
i'm sorry my dollar isn't straight enough for you , homophobic vending machine . 
what was the catchiest thing of 2014 ? ebola 
what's worse than 1 slice of burnt toast ? the holocaust . 
why don't big trains have little trains ? they pull out on time . 
what does pontiac stand for ? poor old nincompoop thinks it's a cadillac 
it's not necrophilia if she was alive when i started . 
i like my friday nights like i like my jeans high - wasted . 
what makes a talker become a stalker ? the s . 
* first day as almond milk factory worker * where the tiddies at 
one year later after pavlov's dog death ... pavlov still brings him food . 
what is cthulu's favorite pizza ? deep dish 
i once stole a simile i made out like a bandit 
why did the gamer refuse to join the boy scouts ? he hates camping 
i'm all for saving the planet , but recycling jokes doesn't help ... 
that joke was so funny ... it should be posted in r funny 
where do orcish cows go to hang out ? * moooooooo * rdor . 
the power went out . at the gigafactory . 
the technology behind whiteboards is remarkable . 
why is the beach wet ? cause the seaweed 
schrodinger's cat walk into a bar and then it didnt . 
why couldn't tommy ride a bicycle ? because he was a gold fish . 
albert einstein just finished his theory about space . its about time too 
what's a storm trooper's favorite date ? march 4th 
twilight and hostess are over . it's a sad day for fat girls . 
my hope for you is that you someday find the end of your sentence 
hey amish person reading this : busted . 
a good comedian is like a good dictatorship . consistent in their execution . 
my brain is not equipped with facial or name recognition technology . 
i'll kiss a close talker just to teach them a lesson . 
how does germany pay for all these refugees ? krautfunding . 
what's the most well mannered dinosaur ? a plesiosaur . 
why couldn't anyone help the tortilla ? he didn't want to taco bout it 
some collage just called me saying they accepted me to their collage . . 
marriage ... a relationship between a person who's always right and her husband . 
the definition of baroque : a time when there is no monet . 
what boxer's nickname is eeeee ? mohammad ali all - e 
where did they hang speedy gonzalez ? at the pico de gallows . 
there were plenty of lookers - on but no witnesses . 
why russians never drive stick shift ? they really hate stalin 
what is a wock ? something you throw a wabbits . 
how do religious education teachers mark exams ? with spirit levels . 
what kind of joke do peeping toms like ? in - ya - window 
a row machine that actually moves around the gym . 
weekend's coming up . time to surf the real world . 
* pokes forehead * is this thing on ? 
goodnight moon . goodnight crazy guy in my tree with binoculars . 
what do you say to a handicapped dog ? " stay " 
a one word joke : lysdexia . 
i'd like to explain what happened before the big bang unfortunately there's no time 
what does a bald elephant wear for a toupee ? a sheep . 
chuck norris donates blood , just not his own 
these ramen noodles taste like payday is next friday . 
what would you rather bea or wasp ? 
i would settle for life handing me anything citrus right now . 
falling coconuts kill more people than falling sharks . 
polish remover hitler . the game sequence has a wicked sense of humor . 
what's a bulimic cheerleaders favourite restaurant ? in'n out burger 
why they never refuel in fast and furious ? vin diesel 
you should trust benjamin franklin's judgment he's always right on the money . 
homeless amp unemployed cyborg law enforcer hobocop 
step aside coffee , this is a job for alcohol . 
one thing you always pay full price for is other people's mistakes ... 
you haven't texted me since you went to bed . are we ok ? 
i'm starting a magazine called " jugs " . it's mostly about pottery . 
what would you doooooooo ? for a klondike bar ? 
what's worse than having your car impounded by the police ? impounding your mother 
i found a pot of gold today ... au yeah 
put your family down and pay attention to your phone . 
he can't decide whether to have his visor half open or half closed . 
how do egyptians warn each other about a spreading fire ? pyroglyphs . 
how ironic is it ... to die in the living room ? 
wanna know the best joke ever ? read the top comments ... . 
where are the golden state warriors from ? chokeland . 
" lebron has cramps " ... i get those every month you baby . 
what's the cheapest kind of noodle you can buy ? penne . 
mack the slice 
" i maul out of love " - bear supply 
what does snoop dogg use to wash his clothes ? bleotch ! ! 
secondary market that lets people sell their excess twitter characters . 
not sure what to do with all the daylight we are saving . 
* jumps from the earth to the moon * parkour 
think im sarcastic ? watch me pretend to care ! 
i was attacked by tiny bees ... . the experience was belittling . 
what do you call traffic in the czech republic ? praguetory 
what do cells say when their sister shoots their foot ? mitosis 
2 months into relationship her : you've changed me : proudly showered , too 
shipwrecked ! by mandy lifeboats 
confucius say ... confucius say man with beard face rough time ! 
what was the first treacherous thing said ? adam you gotta try this ! 
why are the greeks so in debt ? they demand credit for everything 
why are computers so smart ? because they listen to their mother board . 
what's ron jeremy's favorite shape ? erectangle 
king's landing tommen put the king's landing in king's landing 
the greek economy forever a loan ! 
what is hitler's ip address ? holocalhost 
my wife treats me like an idol she feeds me burnt offerings 
what is a priest's favorite candy ? sacramentos 
who delivers presents to baby sharks at christmas ? santa jaws ! 
sorry for letting bad things happen to good people all these years . 
what's funnier then an obama joke ? dez nutz ! ! ! 
what happens after it rains in gotham city ? a waynebow . 
usain bolt's girlfriend she pulled a fast one ! 
where does a martian go for a drink ? a mars bar 
i like birthdays but i think too many can kill you 
why am i ambivalent about a swimming pool ? it just deepends . 
my brother just threw a carton of milk at me wtf , how dairy 
what do coffee beans say to scare their friends ? brew . 
one night a burglar broke into my house all he got was practice . 
deer nuts are cheap they're under a buck . 
who never wants to be drawn at a raffle ? mohammed 
rick rolled 
idea : cry holetm - the hole you can cry in 
what's wrong if everything is all right ? there's nothing left 
wanna hear a joke about unemployed people ? nevermind , they don't work . 
what kind of cereal does ronda rousey eat ? kix 
" support bacteria it's the only culture some people have ! " 
" that's a wrap , everybody . " movie director identifying delicious food 
* involved in high speed chase * * uses turn signals * 
women should not be allowed to eat they always poop afterwards 
when life gets tough , remember this : you were the strongest sperm . 
he's a recovering alcoholic : recovering from last night ! 
i wish gyms had a " montage " option 
what do you get when two samoans fall off a couch ? tufaloffahsofa 
i wanted to become a dictator ... but i was only partially qualified . 
what's white and in the men's 100m final ? the lines . 
i had a dream about captain crunch it was really cereal 
is zero dark thirty the combination to the hurt locker ? 
what's worse than male chauvinists ? women who don't shut up . 
i quit my job working for nike . just couldn't do it anymore . 
who is the world s worst golfer ? hitler 
the miss universe pageant is fixed . all the winners are from earth . 
i invented a motorized walking stick . . i call it the hurrycane . 
relax . you are not paranoid . people really do hate you . 
i gave up cross country skiing . ever since it's all been downhill . 
a trip to the barbers ... that'll put hairs on your chest . 
what would twitch . tv's mafia be called ? el kappa 
tell me a joke i've never heard before . original jokes warmly welcomed ! 
i've never been a great salesman i'll tell you that for free 
there are no bad pictures that's just how your face looks sometimes . 
why do ethiopian girls give the best head ? they always swallow . 
how many redditors does it take to answer an r askscience question ? deleted 
how does kris kringle clean his hands ? santatizer 
what happens if you steel ? you have to get alloy - er 
what is caitlyn jenner's favorite song ? more than a woman by the beegees 
why batman never joke into comedy . one rule : no killing 
an irish man walks past a bar ... 
i can't think of a really bad joke to share s 
why was santa in the asylum ? he lost his santaty 
what do you call a constipated pop star a bieber dam 
why shouldn't you get stoned and reddit ? 
the south is a magical place . it has the most wizards . 
i am running out of people i actually like . 
can you tell me a joke existential in nature ? 
how do you piss voldemort off ? play got your nose with him 
i hate people with erectile dysfunction no hard feelings 
why did the hippy drown ? he was tooooo faaaaaaar oouuuuutttt maaaaaannnn 
the opening ceremony for our ribbon repair business was pretty confusing . 
when bae isn't bae anymore baygon 
yo mama so fat ! her prius gets 12mpg . 
guys who are enemies of putin seem to have the worst luck . 
what's both blue and purple and never seen again ? this thread : 
* gets to front of unemployment line * yes i'd like to be unemployed 
i never ever make mitsakes . 
please remove shoes in the foyer first . second , your pants . 
on my cakeday ... ... - 1 2 3 and it was delicious ! 
what's the most dangerous animal in alaska ? sarah palin 
if you fall , i'll be there . love , the floor . 
i make weak food puns they're never stroganoff . 
sometimes i like to stand in front of a mirror and reflect . 
what's the one car that gingers can't have ? a kia soul . 
what does a hawk call a high ledge a * falcony ! * 
what's a soldier's least favorite car company ? kia 
the ny jets website is down ... apparently they can't put together 3 w's 
oil is so cheap nowadays that i have 5 unused bottles of lube 
i remember my marriage like i remember yesterday wait , what happened yesterday ? 
this spinach dip says best before 9 11 and i'm like wasn't everything ? 
me : i fell in the shower . him : send pics 
why did i break up with my spare change ? it was too clingy 
have you heard of os x def leppard ? it runs on arm . 
i can't believe we have a barack president . it's an obamanation ! 
some of us are quiet because we're worried our thoughts might come out . 
who isn't allowed to watch pg movies ? orphans . 
what did the aorta say to the inferior vena cava your so vain 
knuckle tattoo idea : born deformed 
why do old men need viagra ? because they are screwing old women ! 
you can't joke with a kleptomaniac ... they take everything , literally . 
i'd brag about my pride ... but i'd be lion . 
remember ladies when men give women roses they expect tulips in return 
i'm going to open a bank ... ... with a clawbar ! 
definately - used when absolutely certain a guy named nate is involved . 
talking to your urologist ... " urine trouble " 
superman biggest weakness is not kryptonite . it's horses . 
why are rhinoceroses so wrinkly ? because they're hard to iron . 
why are skeleton's so calm ? because nothing gets under their skin . 
sorry i was late . i got stuck in internet traffic . 
what cake wanted to rule the world ? attila the bun . 
what happens when two pastries divorce ? they have a custardy battle 
why don't the cubans have olympic swimmers ? because they make it here . 
nachos on christmas eve . we're celebrating the birth of cheeses ! 
why can't jesus eat m amp m's ? they fall through his hands . 
i take my wife everywhere , but she keeps finding her way back . 
apparently speed dating doesn't involve taking amphetamines . ugh . worst night ever . 
how do you stop an internet troll ? seize their memes of production . 
who was noah's wife ? joan of ark 
it's called taco bell because alexander graham bell also invented the taco . 
reddit's integrity 
dead alive other 
what do yoda's sheep say ? dey go baa . 
i recently gave up smoking . i'm really indiana jonesin for a smoke . 
what do you use to search for anime in google ? weabooleans 
i think cheese gets sweaty because it's hard sitting around being delicious . 
i think santa is a pimp all he talks about are hos . 
perks of being ugly 
my aquarium is missing quite a few parts nofilter 
i fully support any type of marriage that doesn't involve me . 
what do you take on a math camping trip ? 2 10 
nothing sets a bad precedence like your boss catching you actually working . 
i was going to be a baker but i couldn't raise enough dough . 
jesus , the first pin up model 
a tweet is like a dress the shorter the hotter . 
in what state will you find the most cows ? moo york ! 
catch a spark ... set the world on fire ! - incinerational tweet 
if a tree fell on keemstar in the woods would anyone care . 
why was the lumberjack executed ? he committed treeson . 
recycling adult toys " one man's trash is another man's pleasure ! " 
a gunmen shoots up a clothing store . . so many casual tee's 
glad my name's not dan . too much pressure to be the man . 
how good are the showers at auschwitz ? they're to die for . 
why do communists only write in lowercase ? because they hate capitalism . 
have you heard about beyonce's new perfume line , beyotch ? 
politicians are like coolant ... anti - frees 
how did the truck get his girlfriend ? pickup lines 
why was the plumber stressed ? he had a high pressure job 
halloween is a great time for comedy because skeleton jokes are always humerus 
you want to piss off a woman ? hide one shoe . 
what was mussolini's favourite dessert ? tyranisu 
how did the babysitter lose 500 kids and keep her job ? she swallowed 
what do sprinters eat before a race ? nothing , they fast . 
i bet women's trust issues with men started with a weatherman . 
an evil baked potato hatched a devious scheme fortunately , it was foiled . 
what do sick composers drink ? tchai * cough * tea 
i read quantum physics magazines for the particles . 
what's tommen baratheon's favorite band ? fall out boy 
how do you launder money ? put it under the soap . 
if you donate something worthless is it still a donation ? 
robin williams dead . police suspect arson , but i doubtfire . 
i love the smell of relapse in the morning 
if you had more money you'd be happier . 
what's a rappers shirt made out of ? strait out of cotton 
why are sinks depressed ? people look down on them . 
whats an african - american's favorite fare ? welfare . 
a percussionist gets punched . what does it do ? it would block . 
why don't eggs like comedians ? cause they always crack them up 
why did lebron leave miami ? because he just couldn't stand the heat 
condoleeza rice went by condoleeza couscous in college . 
why does no - one use the rhinos atm ? because he charges ! 
i was only mildly famous in the 90s but vaccinate your kids 
how does an australian shave ? rise up lights 
my astronomy professor told me i was his star pupil . 
why is ntfs healthy ? because it's fat free . 
the u . s . if trump wins 
my dog only responds to commands in spanish he's espanyol 
what do you do if your boyfriend walks out ? close the door . 
according to facebook it is my wife's birthday . 
which american president was not guilty ? lincoln , he was in a cent 
private manning will never get away with it ! corporal klinger didn't 
what food is good for the brain ? noodle soup . 
the national debt isn't the only thing that's rising . 
who do you call for the console police ? wiiu 
a dark sense of humour is like food . not everyone has it . 
* i'm worried about tomorrow * tomorrow : i'm fine , stop worrying . 
louisville slugger makes professional baseball bats from kiln dried chuck norris turds . 
todayilearned nothing 
what do cow pastures smell like ? dairy air 
can a ninja kill you with a hidden bladed circle of metal ? shuriken 
who's leonardo dicaprio's least favorite sesame street character ? oscar im so sorry 
got a tattoo of my mom telling me not to get a tattoo 
trump . ba dum tssss . 
for years i thought hitchhikers were complimenting my driving . 
here's a joke for those who follow rap meek mill 
my favorite animal at the zoo is the gorilla ... i ain't lion . 
why didn't anne frank finish her diary ? she needed more concentration . 
what has 18 legs and catches flies ? a baseball team . 
what did mustafa's dad say after he founded turkey ? attaturk . 
practiced my breakup on my cats last night and today they are gone . 
computers are not intelligent . they only think they are . 
not now brain ... ... this is a job for stupidity . 
common core 
1987 was a great year for the payphone . 
sarah palin's political integrity . because she's a woman an idiot . 
kid's are afraid to take this nap . kidnap . 
" everybody freeze ! " - november 
worst part of being sick ? sneezing while taking a piss ... 
a man threw milk at an old woman before ... i said how dairy 
what kind of birds stick together ? vel - crows 
walking around brooklyn , slapping people's brunches to the ground . 
sarah millican just called stephen hawking a good sport . 
which reindeer have the shortest legs ? the smallest ones . 
how does a chef relax ? he beats his meat 
why are girls like rocks ? you skip the flat ones . 
yo mama is so poor ... ... ducks throw bread at her . 
what good is a space heater , it's cold here on earth . 
what business is king kong in ? monkey business . 
what's hard , white , and 10 inches ? nothing . 
* slides down your chimney * * straightens all your pictures * 
women are like magnets ... i have no clue how they work . 
sarcasm is just one more service we offer . 
the new yorker swims into a bar ... 
gop threatens to shutdown government unless obama changes color of skin . 
posting pumpkin carving pictures on social media is so last year . 
mrw browsing front page removed due to copyright 
a rabbi was drinking his tea . and turned into a rabbit . 
what's ellen pao's husband's favourite web plugin ? ponzi buddy . 
where do religious school children practice sports ? in the prayground ! 
what's a desert's favorite song ? darude - sandstorm 
you gotta hand it to short people . because their arms can't reach . 
i once ate an exclamation mark ... it was surprisingly good . 
recent studies ... recent studies show that 4 out of 5 blondes are blonde 
to all those people who never finish what they start , i say ... 
how does bilbo take his tea ? bag - in 
how is donald trump related to this post ? they're both jokes . 
free tibet i'll take it ! 
why do sjw's hate programmers ? they objectify everything . 
i told a blonde joke she didn't get it . 
my mother was feeling cold so now i'm wearing a sweater . 
which is the only bank that drug tests all of its employees ? pnc 
so you guys heard about this myspace thing ? 
why couldn't the skeleton add 1 1 ? because he doesn't have a brain 
michael jackson jokes are so childish 
i think i have just enough followers to start a decent sized cult 
us naval communications 
what do you call an alien surfing the internet ? e - t . 
so r cringepics posted something actually cringeworthy . 
president's day is just a holiday invented by presidents to sell more presidents . 
the nsa a government organization that actually listens to you ! 
if i can't find any cheese this sandwich will be toast ! 
if you are what you eat ... never order a 2 . 
i think i made a good joke donald trump 
i am a virtuous woman , that's why i cost more ! 
i'd write a rap song ... . . but i'm too lay - z 
now tell me how old your baby is in hours . 
dyslexic florists say " weddings are for pansies . " 
" are you cold ? " * people who are cold * 
what's the favourite toy of turkish rulers ? beyblades . 
did you hear that oxygen and magnesium are dating . omg 
i wonder what my wife's favourite us state is . maybe alaska . 
my voice is like a pony , a little horse . 
90 female cops on the road ... and i got arrested for doing 80 
how do you confuse a blonde ? you don't ... they're born that way 
how is r jokes like the green movement ? reuse and recycle 
how does a dishwasher make his money ? panhandling 
a sphincter says what ? pants up , dont poop . 
which wrestler's weakness is the rain ? dwayne johnson 
what's a ducks favorite drug ? quack cocaine 
i'm wearing a tuxedo to work today in protest of casual friday . 
i don't trust those trees they seem kind of shady 
how do you lose fourteen stone of fat ? dump him . 
at what time of day was adam born ? just before eve . 
people tell me sharing is caring . good thing i don't care . 
i finally found love ! ! it's on page 364 in the dictionary . 
nothing cures insomnia like the realization that it is time to get up . 
i would not want to have to pay carly rae jepsen's phone bill . 
you don't know me . i'm pid 1 , init . 
who has the most karma on reddit ? buddha . 
don't eat my chocolate . i'll be back monday . 
eli5 : why do we blink subconsciously ? you aren't now ! 
guy finds secret trick into heaven ... gods hate him 
where did the poor italian man grow up ? the spaghetto 
two handicapped men walk into a bar ... praise the lord ! ! 
what are facts about canines we must believe ? dogma 
" we are out of oranges " he said , fruitlessly . 
what s the difference between an ostridge ? it can neither fly 
sir isaac newton died a virgin . the gravity of this situation . 
what can you never eat for breakfast ? dinner . 
multiple reports claiming sting has been kidnapped the police still have no lead . 
nobody tell my husband that " year round periods " aren't a thing . 
how does james bond sleep ? around . 
i'm listening to u2 acapella recordings . just needed to take the edge off 
second attempt how to survive in russia in 21 century ? 
100 , 000 sperm and you were the fastest ? 
i'm glad we don't call detergent by its full name : detergentleman . 
why don't you slip into something more comfortable ... like a coma . 
what happens when trump makes a meme ? it goes dankrupt . 
a warning shot into the head . 
what's a joke only redditor's would get ? 
there aren't atheists in a falling plane ... 
uhh , hells yeah id like to participate in your brief survey . 
i wonder how many calories women burn by ... ... jumping to conclusions . 
you sound reasonable . it must be time to up my medication ! 
what does drew carey have in his driveway ? cleveland rocks ! 
we are the people our parents warned us about . 
i overdosed on my homeopathic medicine today . forgot to take it . 
microsoft skipped windows 9 because 7 , 8 , 9 
what's the funniest thing r funny has done ? gone private . 
i love the f5 key . it s just so refreshing . 
usa soccer we ghana win . 
sunburn : getting what you basked for . 
knock knock its the spanish inquisition 
my internet addiction is so bad ... its alt of ctrl . 
what does the russian president enjoy having on his fries ? putine ... 
a problem shared is a problem halved unless that problem is an std 
day 2 of being kidnapped . kidnappers have now committed suicide . 
going on the obama diet ... putin will eat my lunch everyday ... 
what do you call two guys using the same urinal ? peers 
what game console do latinos use most ? xbox juan 
what's a sailor's favorite thing to watch at sunset ? knot movies 
bad sign . my fortune cookie just said , " abdominal cramps " . 
what do you call an origional joke on r jokes mine 
green men make me cross . 
i wanna be the reason you're comfortable with your prostate examination 
what kind of native american is nikki minaj ? arapahoe . 
my new american football video game has so many glitches . it's really maddening 
what did the ghost serve at his halloween party ? hallowieners ! 
what's a candidates favorite instrument ? trump - et 
the actual secret ingredient on most iron chefs is forehead sweat . 
it's a hard life being a window ... everyone can see right through you 
ignorance is bliss , and rampant . 
where do mermaids go to see movies ? ... the dive - in 
i love summer so much * sits around doing nothing * 
did you know in judaism there is no hell ? hitler changed that 
yo mama soooo old she was wearing a jesus starter jacket ! 
winning the lottery by jack potts 
lettuce . because water should be crunchy . 
what did the arab say to his goat ? jihad me at hello 
i wonder how long it takes a giraffe to throw up ? 
why do fencers make terrible redditors ? they always riposte . 
why would a married man buy a hearing aid ? 
how did god get mary pregnant ? he used the holy immaculate contraception 
america : where stairs are only used for emergency escape purposes . 
i recently submitted my resume to sony but they canceled the interview 
if your restaurant order starts with a question , i already hate you . 
i am religious . i religiously avoid church . 
lpt : name your hands , instant 3some 
a recent earthquake has wiped out etchisketchistan 
someone threw a grill at my face . the attack made headlines . 
this sub should be referred to as " geddit . " 
how do frenchmen share files ? pierre to pierre . 
life is meaningless and we all die in the end xd 
it's so hot , everybody looks like they're in an american apparel ad . 
i'm not mature enough to work at siemens . 
what south american dance do cows like to do ? the rump - a 
gary johnson has won the election . 
why didn't the magician shave ? he made it disabeard . . 
stupid cats , can't even yolo 
one day ... i'll look up what procrastination means . 
they say real girls ain't never perfect , perfect girls ain't never real . 
before working to reunite the us he was known as abram lincoln . 
why did moses spend 40 years romeing in the desert he dropped a quarter 
you know what they called vegetarians 300 years ago ... . poor people ... 
i'm positive i lost an electron ... ... better keep an ion that . 
how many tickels until a octopus laughs ten - tickels ... ... i'll leave 
a day without sunshine is like , you know , night . steve martin 
company loyalty can often be explained by stockholm syndrome . 
dancing at the party by hans neesanboompsadaisy 
i am a super hero ... every day after work i'm thor . 
what do you call a communist pirate ship ? the uss arrrrrr 
ten out of ten pigs prefer turkey bacon over regular bacon . 
brings donuts to work because if i can't be skinny neither can you . 
well well well , if it isn't the lady who's baby i stole . 
answer penguins have knees ? : d 
why don't vultures eat at restaurants ? they don't allow carrion . 
deja moo i feel like i've heard this bull before ... 
what kind of tea isn't fake ? a property 
i can make you speak like an indian . how ? that's right ! 
i heard this joke about a monorail it's a great one - liner . 
t is for mugs 
the detroit lions 
why was math so easy in ancient rome ? x always equals 10 
what do you call a bee's rear end ? a bee - hind 
women woo men . 
what is winrar's favorite pickup line ? i can unzip it for you . 
parkour or plastic ? * bounces away with your groceries * 
scientists researched if cheetahs could drive more than 60mph the results were catastrophic 
youtube joke youtube is like baseball , three strikes and you're out . 
i just love the new minecraft update . it's groundbreaking . 
you're so ugly , scorpion be like , " stay over there ! " 
funniest superbowl moment the broncos ... 
terry wogans head stene is to be left blankity blank 
what's 9 10 ? dix neuf 
my dreams are like dinosaurs ... . all big and dead . 
mermaids swim by twerking do you ever just think about that 
marriage is for men who miss staying with their parents . 
twitter's still doing that thing where i'm not funny . 
my new girlfriend wants to meet my dad but i do too . 
neck exercises by g . rarff 
very punny ! eric is just derek without a d 
your mama is so fat ... her alphabet is the kfcs 
how do you reunite the beatles ? with two bullets . 
yo mama so bald even a wig wouldn't help ! 
what do you call el chapo suffering from seizures ? narcolepsy 
boy , are you a destination wedding ? cuz i can't come . 
i only have 4 months left on that mirror i broke in 2005 . 
i love my girlfriend , but ... my wife hates her ! 
hey street performer , try juggling life and a real job 
i hear seatbelts save lives ! nope , nevermind , still have cancer . 
what's the strongest muscle on a pig ? the hamstring . 
why was the lightbulb invented ? somebody had an idea . 
weed is a gateway drug . * opens gate * welcome to coolfunland 
welcome to syria ! you'll have a blast : 
why don't you undress in front of pokemon ? because they might pikachu ! 
what should bernie sanders next presidential campaign be called ? hindsight is 2020 
the north korean military 
why did the cannibal get food poisoning in india ? he ate rameet ! 
cat joke just kitten . 
why is patrick so dumb ? he's living under a rock . 
why do cow wear bells ? because their horn doesn't work ! 
click bait joke 
amy's baking company 
are you flappy bird ? cuz i wanna tap you till you crash . 
you know what's obama doing right now ? he's havana good time sorry 
the pickle is like your sandwich's pet 
reddit ? more like ... eddit 
in australia we call her kilometrey cyrus 
what is an ear of corn's favourite leonardo dicaprio movie ? inception 
caught on tape : lint 
what do reptiles love to smoke ? mariguana 
what kind of ant can count ? an account * ant * . 
what is the most mind blowing state an indian can experience nirvana 
what's a nice guy's fave drink ? m'mo sa 
i want to put a honk if you love jesus bumpersticker on a goose 
breaking : microsoft announces the monkees catalog now available on zune . 
what's a great thing to do in fresno ? leave . 
its shanksgiving , be thankful i havent stabbed u yet . 
what do you name the male and female twin monkeys ? abe and anna 
how many ants can you fit inside an apartment ? ten - ants ! 
willpower ? sure . it's in the garage with my unicorn . 
only god can judge me . * gets hit by lightning * 
* purposely chooses network with most dropped calls * 
" you're going to poop me . " - - lazy fortune cookie 
who is the original kardashian ? saint christopher 
who delivers pizza in the hood ? popo john's 
don't be part of the problem , be the whole problem 
mathematical humor it just doesn't add up . 
what do you call the place where parrots make films ? pollywood ! 
ronda rousey's boxing 
which place has more smoke in the air mordor or the shire . 
the table salt tore a ligament . it was an acl . 
who is the biggest gangster in the sea ? al caprawn ! 
lindsay lohan's personal chef is just a pinata full of cocaine . 
which type of comedy leaves a hamburger cold ? biting humour ! 
i hate people with artism 
if it weren't for abraham lincoln , america really would have gone south . 
what shape gets rid of curses ? a hexagon 
what do you call a pirate that pees on other people ? rrrrrrrrrrrr kelly 
dude , she just liked my status , she totally wants me . 
fun facts about germany no fun in germany , go back to work ! 
i do my best when my manager puts a gun to my head . 
tossed and turned all night . i gotta stop moisturizing with salad dressing . 
bill nye is short for william new years eve 
which weather features do druggies like most ? highs 
i guess my least favorite author is probably hitler 
what dictator had the best bureaucracy ? idi admin . 
my wife lost 200 lbs ! i divorced her . 
where is the best place to vacation for halloween ? galapaghost islands . 
i hope popcorn appreciates what the microwave did for its career . 
ohh , no thanks . i have seen a baby before 
how do scientists celebrate pirate day ? they get their aaargh - on ! 
what do you call an antelope that wants a big wedding ? cantelope 
what do you call an ent prince who betrays his dad ? treason 
what is a computer programmers favorite brand of ice cream . haagen dos 
time money because you spend it ! 
the iphone 7 ad has a catchy song ... hit the road jack 
there's a joke in this thread . it's you . 
where do onions fight ? in the onion ring ! 
when are the hiest's coming out ? they are not ! 
do you think the dude that invented the breathalyzer has any friends left ? 
i want to china town today i saw a lot of wangs . 
i feel sorry for all of the atheists named christian . 
hipsters don't sleep with pillows because neither side is cool enough . 
what is the highest proof of tequila ? juan fifty juan 
what did the nun wear to the casino ? her gambling habit . 
guys with huge dongs are just compensating for their tiny cars . 
gavin died today of heartburn . i am so sad gaviscon . 
i love the smell of my f5 key ... it is very refreshing 
think you can save humanity ? well , jesus nailed it . 
there are two rules for success ... 1 don't tell all you know 
how does han solo like to get around endor ? ewoks 
here's how i gained 27ibs of muscle in 5 weeks : lying . 
i heard the sandy hook kids wanted books but instead they got magazines . 
which year is the most popular ? 1969 
what if the stickers are the only thing made in china ? 
halitosis ... is better than no breath . 
how are bears related to cooking ? the pan ... duh 
woman's rights not an april fools joke . 
what do you call it when a chameleon can't change colors ? ereptile dysfunction 
what's the best thing to come out of oklahoma ? southbound 35 . 
just smiled back at a toyota commercial . 
long story short , i accidentally left the cat in the refrigerator . 
obama's gonna take all your decorative soaps . 
hey guys just wanted to let you guys know that i'm vegan 
mayweather still has a perfect record at least until he's convicted 
who makes the best milkshakes ever ? michael j . fox . 
what's a orphans favorite ice cream flavor ? banana foster 
do you know why android fanboys don't like apple products ? 
what will they now call hormonally - induced knockers on men ? broosts 
i took someone else's coffee at starbucks because i liked her name better . 
what song does a car radio play ? a cartoon car tune . 
why did jack get a restraining order ? beanstalking . 
jeb bush told a joke . please laugh . 
what does an alcoholic do when he is out of beer ? wine 
why didn't the car have a tire ? because cars don't wear clothes . 
what is the healthiest college ? rice 
omg like wtf - me , praying 
i see your choices and raise you one eyebrow . 
my girlfriend is a special snowflake she's cold and flaky . 
why does everyone hate their elder brother ? 
tons of guys wave at me when i drive my wife's car . 
these dull kitchen knife jokes just aren't cutting it anymore . 
why aren't cars made out of wood ? because they wooden go . 
canadian army training is 6 weeks of learning how to throw a snowball . 
me : do ghosts wear condoms dentist : how are you still awake 
i'm unclear on that of which you speak . please elaborate , willis . 
why didn't jesus start a charity ? cuz they're not for prophets . 
what gets really high in colorado ? the average elevation . 
i love how flies rub their hands together like little criminals 
what is the most religious insect ? a mosque - ito ! 
what caused the civil war in ethiopia ? too many negus . 
can neon form a chemical bond with indium ? nein . 
what slides in and out until it's balls are busted ? piston 
what's long thin and smells of piss ? old people doing the conga . 
temperature in the office is set to dante . 
what nationality are sprinters ? they russian . i'll also see myself out . 
i love babies cause they just cry upon waking up and it's so honest 
what time is it in brazil ? oh , it's 7 past cesar 
what's a sorority girls favorite camera ? a like uh 
oc wanna know my secret to not catching std's ? i have kleenexes . 
a juice bar called just kale yourself . 
just saw john cena ! lol jk 
i'd stop disappointing you , if you stopped expecting me to do stuff . 
i'm changing my name to ceed . because all girls want to succeed ! 
i'm on twitter because my family is on facebook . 
i found a squirtle in my pants i'm not even playing pokemon go ! 
my poop likes rap music it's down with op pee . 
british sense of humour 
how much for the vacation home ? sir , this is a coffin . 
what did michael fox bring to baby jesus ? parkincense . 
why did prince william lose his cool ? he wasn't properly heir conditioned . 
my friends are like the square root of - 1 they're imaginary . 
this morning i had an eye opening expereince . damn alarm clock 
useless trying to undo a mistake . focus your efforts on new ones . 
" a weekend wasted isn't a wasted weekend . " 
for those of you who don't know me , we haven't met yet . 
boolean algebra you either know it or you don't . 
walking around the kitchen like pac - man when you're hungry . 
why did ginger go to the psych ward ? ginger snaps 
it's okay pluto i am not a planet either . 
why couldn't bill gates get any girls ? his hardware was microsoft 
how can you tell a mechanic got laid ? he has one clean finger 
siri's on her period . she needs an ipad 
you can't spell dad without a 
how do you call unexpected pregnancy in german ? kinder surprise 
don't " pshhh " me , you stupid bus . 
yearning gt earning mamma's yearning capacity is greater than papa's earning capacity . 
know thyself , said jesus . in the biblical sense . merry christmas . 
being married is like having the freedom to do whatever your wife tells you 
my doctor said i need freshly squeezed orange juice everyday i cannot concentrate ! 
playing too much gta . starting to see traffic as " options . " 
croutons and cherry tomatoes are the natural enemies of the plastic fork . 
what's an mlg's smartphone of choice ? an htc one m8 . 
what did your last slave die of ? a perforated colon . 
i don't find dead comedians funny probably because they're post - humourous . 
kanye for president . 
donald trump for president ! that was the joke 
what do wooden whales eat ? a plankton . 
why didn't the math teacher sin ? cosecant . 
girlfriends are like puzzles . the smaller ones are easier to beat 
what's not 50 off today ? health insurance 
just saw a lady saying grace over her salad . lettuce pray . 
what's green and invisible ? this cabbage 
i hear the moon is a pretty boring place ... there's absolutely no atmosphere 
your mom at a food bank ... food for thot . 
if osama bin laden really wanted to cripple america he'd attack facebook 
how do you make peppermint creme ? finger it really well . 
do you even know what patronizing means ? 
my sister thinks macadamia nuts is an std . 
why are refugees bad at math ? they refuse to integrate . 
" i enjoy short walks to the fridge " - fat people personal ads 
what does a bee from asia do ? nepallinates flowers . 
what's the most disgusting , distasteful international treaty organization ? eu ! 
they say " pick your battles " , so today oreos win . 
how do you seize the means of production ? by overthrowing the bourgeoisie 
mermaid procreation how does a mermaid give birth ? sea section 
just met darth vader's corrupt brother . taxi vader 
i heard the camera adds 10 pounds . don't eat cameras . 
so isaac newton sits under a coconut tree ... 
a date so good ... i eat 10 more . 
what did the apathetic philosopher doctor say ? who cures ? 
if kryptonite is superman's only weakness , what is supperman's only weakness ? leftovernite 
* punches a fish * that's for tsunamis 
reading texts you sent when you were drunk is like terrifying digital archeology . 
takeoffs are optional ... landings are mandatory 
when's the best time to see an optometrist ? when you can't . 
my dolphin died ... i have no porpoise in life . 
we are the midwest we are snowd en . 
they say you are what you eat , so lay off the nuts . 
where do you hide a hippie's weed ? under the soap . 
did you hear about the mooning emoji ? its colon was showing 
what shoes does brad wear ? loafers ! 
there's no way kat von d knows when she's done showering . 
people keeping new years resolutions 
kfc and pimps are similar . they both sell breasts and thighs . 
why does mrs pepper walk funny cause dr pepper comes in a can . 
why are cpws made for dancing ? they're all born hoofers ! 
what's the german super hero called ? ale - man 
a man tries to punch a wood chipper he is unarmed . 
what's whitney houston's favourite form of coordination ? haaaaand eyeeeeeee ! 
gonna start rapping about women's rights ... call me feminem . 
you know whats great about alzhemiers ? nevermind i forget 
obese people are roll models . 
what is the holdup on square fruit , scientists ? 
julius caesar bought a google gps and said , youtube , route us . 
i donated 4 to bernie's campaign i gave someone reddit gold . 
do you people like your catfish battered and deep fried ? 
how is called the funeral of an electrical engineer ? grounding 
what do you call a set of computer generated jokes ? a comedy subroutine 
i'm into cryogenics . all the cool kids are doing it . 
china's number 1 brand of protein ? i - whey - whey 
there is a big difference between " friends " and " facebook friends " 
what did the r science mod say to the user ? removed 
what time does andy murray go to bed ? tennish ! 
we should teach north korea a lesson and send them james franco . 
phishing thanks for the gold kind stranger ! 
castles are great but i wish you could rent other forms of bouncy architecture 
leaving someone a voice mail is the new myspace message . 
what kind of bear is best ? one that gets you an oscar 
what do you call the richest person in the soup industry ? a boullionaire 
why does riding in an elevator make ghosts happy ? it lifts spirits 
i'm trying not to get an erection ... but it's hard . 
" i stand corrected " said the man in the orthopedic shoes . 
we need to stop isis . then we can call them waswas . 
husband : how about a quickie ? wife : as opposed to what ? 
what do you call floyd mayweather a month before his fight ? floyd aprilweather 
a closed mouth keeps it's teeth . 
why do stoners love english ? because it's lit 
why did the dyslexic engineer fail college ? because he didn't understand psychics . 
polish ice hockey tragedy the whole team drowned during spring training 
what do you call kosher ice ? iceberg 
why didn't the string get anything for christmas ? because he was knotty ! 
smokers are humans too just not for so long 
keep calm and text a random number ... " i'm pregnant " 
why did the square divorce the circle ? it was sleeping around . 
i really do not understand lent ... ... i'd better give up trying ! 
a note to reddit admins 
what goes eek eek bang ? a mouse in a minefield ! 
chicken stock has gone up today , but only by a poultry sum . 
my transgender uncle is a superhero ... we call him aunt - man . 
have you seen the prices of almonds and cashews ? they're nuts . 
explain joke what do pigs eat ? mud pies 
what does a cannibal without a kitchen eat ? raw men 
my friend told me i'm delusional . i almost fell of my rhino ... 
" that's close enough ... " government worker 
the last time i refused a beer ... i misunderstood the question 
alphabet soup good for your vowels . 
three guys go to a bar they do pull - ups 
whats the most common work of fiction ? the average persons resume 
other than that ms . lincoln , how was the play ? 
what did the comedian eat on easter ? hot cross puns . 
catwoman's full name is catherine woman . 
tree : bark dog : leaves 
what did star trek teach millions of kids ? to boldly split infinitives ! 
how not to be funny . r funny 
i really enjoy my morning expresso ... ... it's always esploding with flavour . 
what's red with seven dents snow whites cherry 
what did the cherokee - polish couple name their firstborn ? running stupid 
i just burned 12000 calories i left the pizza in the oven 
what's the best way to bring out your inner child ? a coat hanger 
fat people with lisps ... are thick and tired of your insults . 
why can't you fight an accountant ? they'll always out number you ! 
in the philosophers prison ... i shank , therefore you are not 
how to keep a reader in suspense ? removed 
this thanksgiving , turkey is fighting back 
i am not a weatherman but ... you can expect 20 centimetres tonight 
dam's biggest dilemma ... dammed if i do , damned if i don't . 
why can't you wear shorts in the ukraine ? chernobyl fallout ... 
if i owned a moving company , i'd call it van gogh . 
i've never owned a telescope ... but it's something i'm thinking of looking into 
what if you're a gift horse dentist ? 
how do you make beef stew ? tell a cow they're being watched . 
canadian territory puns ? yukon be serious ! i'm having nunavut . 
what is posthumous work ? something written by someone after they are dead ! 
i wonder if anyone ever told hitler " just be yourself " . 
tifu by going to subway instead of quiznos oops , wrong sub 
a pop star who summons ghosts , aka ... seance 
why doesn't god like pizza ? because he doesn't exist . 
* only shaves legs in the spots exposed by my ripped jeans * 
why don't they make neapolitan ice cream but with 3 better flavors ? 
see - saws are too tense ... 
amazingly , this sentence contains all letters of the alphabet djkquvwxz 
all knives are cutting edge technology . ... or maybe just cutting technology . 
you never hear skinny people saying , " i'm just small boned . " 
doctor said only clear liquids before surgery . vodka should qualify just fine . 
laughing stock : cattle with a sense of humor . 
observational humor isn't funny see ? 
stretching before working out is for wussies could someone please call 911 ? 
really ? wow ! the only two things i ever say to kids 
i could tell a good gardening joke but it's too dirty . 
what happens if you violate reddit's content policy ? removed 
i had a nightmare where footloose was rebooted as many times as spiderman . 
wanna hear a joke ? my mute friend told me this one . 
in russia , pokemon find you . 
free hugs * * having me let go will cost 10 
why is shakespeare bad at hunting ? because he can't aim steadily 
jokes what is a good bee joke 
" love me do " is my favourite beatles song written by yoda . 
what do you call a news anchor with diarrhea ? anderson pooper 
a lot of comedy today is observational humor you guys ever noticed that ? 
remember before ebola , when we just had bola ? technology changes everything . 
are you the enemy of my enemy ? asking for a friend . 
did you hear about disney's new tick tock crock ride ? it's killer . 
why can't a mac sing ? because it's not adele 
where do sick boats go ? the dock 
you don't see many dog librarians . probably because of the barking . 
what's wrong with a broken alphabetizer ? it's out of order . 
what do you call a guy who wears two condoms ? justin case 
" go sports ! " - how i cheer for all sports 
tacos always smell like love , but love doesn't always smell like tacos . 
if two rednecks get divorced ... are they still cousins ? 
relationships are like algebra ... you look at your x and wonder y . 
i scaled everest ! and i give nicknames to fish . 
entomology . it's sci - ants . 
what nation do most people not want to be in ? urination 
just landed at laguardia lol jfk 
how does a queen get around her kingdom ? she gets throne . 
i hate eating vegetables ... the wheelchair is always getting in the way 
i accidentally left the refrigerator open while watching game of thrones spoilers everthing 
don't forget to stop and instagram the roses . 
once upon a time is a brilliant series 
what is the name of the bear capitol ? koala lumpur 
2 2 5 for extremely large values of 2 . 
why do women have babies ? because it hurts and they deserve it 
is your name gravity ? cause you're attractive . 
who invented minced meat ? a leper playing the guitar . 
your turtle puns tortoise family apart 
idea : a transformers movie that can transform into a much better movie . 
saudi arabia hates scooby doo ... but abu dhabi doo ! 
what's small , gray , and came in little cans ? michael jackson . 
i didn't have a headache until you pulled your pants down . 
there's a fine line between myth and reality and booze blurs it nicely . 
bill cosby's full name is " bill sinby over tanby " 
what's emperor palpatine's favorite kind of cheese ? " gouda , gouda ... " 
my uncle was a world - famous chainsaw juggler . for one show . 
at my age friends with insurance benefits sounds just as appealing . 
what's the best hour to book a dental appointment ? tooth hurty . 
if i had a face like yours , i'd sue my parents . 
what's the best month for dating ? sep - tinder ! 
i installed ios 9 beta . and it shot up my school . 
why aren't there many women on death row ? ladies first . 
vin diesel's full name is vintage dieselengine . 
what's a dungeons and dragons player's favorite rap group ? d12 
wait come back , i didn't mean it when i was just being myself 
i like most ancient cities ... but i constantinople . 
what's the difference between feminists and sumo wrestlers sumo wrestlers shave their legs 
breadmakers always looking to prove something . 
why are cowgirls bowlegged ? because cowboys eat with their hats on . 
hipsters hate rivers . too mainstream . 
tequila is just the grown up version of choose your own adventure books . 
where did the dog find her husband ? at the groomers ! 
what does a widow say when she wakes up ? mourning 
just unrolled my burrito now i'm having pizza 
why is germany uninhabitable for cats ? they have nein lives ! 
coming soon to the usa ... mexit 
claustrophobic people are more productive ... thinking outside the box . 
why did the weimar republic ban balloons ? because of the hyperinflation . 
chuck norris roundhouse kicks people in the face first and asks questions later . 
i was born short thankfully i grew out of that phase . 
reddit's attention span 
i work at a coin factory . it just makes cents to me . 
agreeable caesar he came , he saw , and he concurred . 
i formally apologize to anyone who knew me when i was 13 
whats 12 inches long and drives women crazy ? nsfw a still born ... 
i wore my golf socks today there's a hole in one 
what's it called when you have decided to stop eating cold turkey sandwiches ? 
yo mama is so fat she provides shelter to the people in nepal 
i don't do different things ... it's just that i do things differently ! 
being a racist zebra seems difficult . 
so an irish guy walks out of a bar pause for effect 
what type of knot do you tie in space ? an astronaut . 
i if i had a gender for every ... world war 
i'm out of bed and dressed . what more do you want ? 
santa is a smart guy . visits people only once a year . 
my family's going to be here soon . quick , hide my body . 
i just ate a breakfast of champions . there's . blood . everywhere . 
if you're unattractive , nobody wants to know that you're horny . 
i find the f1 key really attractive . i think i need help . 
why did the ant - elope ? nobody gnu ! 
what are the most common mistakes your ______ makes in bed ? 
i'd rather my son bring home a pregnant girl than head lice 
where do terrorists like to go for a drink ? the allahu ak bar 
what did the frog with the speech impediment say ? " thibbit " 
actor who had starred in almost every movie . also starring 
not all men are stupid ... some are still single . 
my grandma accidentally swallowed a fly . feeding her a spider now ... 
i have an l shaped couch ... lower case . 
what's the worst part of an nfl wedding ? getting hit by rice 
if you've seen one lion attack you've seen a maul 
i was going to view the front page but i had already reddit 
have you heard that hilarious joke about hellen keller ? neither has she . 
siri , where are my pants ? 
what do you put in an oragami gun ? paper clips . 
- are you single ? - no , i'm an album . 
* charges phone . phone : wrong hole . 
where do books sleep ? under their covers . 
why shouldn't white people go swimming ? nobody likes a soggy cracker ! 
i flashed my bios ... ... and got arrested for indecent exposure . 
i failed the communism test . no marx . 
whats the month people get most drunk in ? febrewery 
upon what does a jungle cat write a letter ? a cheetah paper . 
what did adam say to eve ? let's save humanity . 
when did mathematicians get their independence ? march 14 . 
why did god make girls so stupid ? so that they would love boys 
which emoticon indicates the desire to cover someone with fire ants ? 
" naked ladies ! ! " - art 
how do you send a sandwich to someone on a computer ? in bytes 
what french city always surrenders first ? toulouse 
perhaps nicki minaj just lost a series of bets . 
absolutely no one can text faster than a pissed off woman . 
yeah ... i think golf jokes are really sub - par . 
why did the scotsman sell drugs ? he had to get plaid . 
there aren't many sports that couldn't be improved by adding a bear . 
careful what you wish for ! 
few disc jockeys ever graduate to horses . 
does anybody know whats heart does ? beats me 
______________________ i'm drawing a blank here . 
how do you make a dinosaur ? kick it up the arse 
why is vladimir putin always russian ? because he's never finnish . 
" cool hand , luke . " - darth vader , enviously 
when chuck norris is pulled over , cops show him their ids 
why don't lamps talk ? they're antisocial lights . 
why don't sheep shrink when it rains ? 
where will a springer spaniel never shop ? at a flea market ! 
still haven't found the manly way to walk across ice . 
i used to be schizophrenic ... ... but we're ok now . 
going to keep letting animals bite me until i get super powers . 
where is the pokemon ? peek - a - chu ! 
* tries to throw a cotton ball really hard over and over again * 
hello everyone where are u from ? 
remember ... jesus died for your peeps . 
my inflatable girlfriend always looks surprised when i walk into the room . 
i sure buy a lot of alcohol . hope i'm not a shopaholic . 
rest in peace david bowie i love your knives ! 
my friend gav died of heartburn the other day gaviscon 
what did the mute kid say to his friend 
how do you make gold soup ? you use 14 carrots . 
does this extra layer of cream cheese icing make my bundt look big ? 
i got kicked out of monochromes anonymous for using colourful language . 
not all that glitters is gold . take , for instance , glitter . 
why don't italians like jehovah's witnesses ? italians don't like any witnesses . 
interesting fact about fight club your text post optional 
why should you never trust a noodle ? because they're in - pastas . 
" i'm pregnant " are you kidding " technically yes " 
actually , i don't think you're dyslexic just really , really stupid . 
i love that tower in france i hear it's an eye full 
what was the radioactive senior citizen's super power ? gramma rays 
whats the difference between me and the bible ? i'm easy to read 
santa is on honeymoon this christmas . 
bird flu epidemic or pun ? 
what happens if an elephant comes through your letterbox ? swim for it . 
your mom's so old , she's probably going to die soon . 
nothing warms my heart ... ... quite like spontaneous combustion 
what do vegetables say when they go to party's ? turnup ! 
why did the queen bee scald the worker bee ? because he was misbeehiving 
what does every clean nose have ? fingerprints . 
at hairstylist make me look like i'm running really fast . 
what kind of meat do you give a stupid dog ? chump chops ! 
excuse are like cakes fat people are full of them 
what do terrorists say to their sister ? h'is is 
what article of clothing is round and rubbery ? attire . 
reddit censorship is getting out of hand removed 
today i pissed my pants in walmart and they offered me a job . 
what's a procrastinator's favorite punchline ? i'll tell you tomorrow 
lil wayne becomes a comedian ... lol wayne 
which element is most likely to surrender an electron ? francium . 
what do caves have ? echosystems . from my 9 year - old . 
i would like it if batmans ears folded down when he got sad 
i can speak 10 languages . english and binary 
what grocery store does charlie sheen frequently visit ? rite aid 
why can vietnamese handle heat really well ? it is natural selection ... 
what's honey mustards least favorite holiday ? cinco de mayo 
racist jokes ... go ! 
what does sonic say when's he on a diet gotta go fast ! ! 
whats lil johns favorite magazine ? ok ! 
a joke finally containing original content original content . 
what flavor do termites like best ? chair - y 
before sliced bread there was no greatest thing . 
celebrating memorial day by not romanticizing the military . 
how do you blow square balloons ? blow square breaths . 
what type of food do firefly's love to eat ? light food . 
there's something actionable in your pants . 
to do list : 1 you . 
just threw a donut inside planet fitness and started a riot . 
just a reminder of what day is today . . 9 11 
what's a superheroes favorite narcotic ? heroine 
what is the richest beverage ? juice . 
how do you get an anorexic to gain 25 pounds ? marry her . 
men , of course we need you . because , jars . 
12 of my favorite anti - jokes 
what is it that's red . reddit . 
when you get laid off . : 
my hp printer died today it was like a brother to me . 
what's wrong with the plane that flies to holland ? it netherlands . 
who turns the lights off at halloween ? the light's witch ! 
our love was magical . . it vanished like one of houdini's disappearing acts 
what kind of donuts will bruce never eat again ? krispy kreme . 
having kids has taught me that their ears are for decorative purposes only . 
iran ! why ? 
i wish my marks would smoke weed so it'd get high 
never trust a persom who speaks in absolutes 
how do you ruin a joke ? by reposting it every week ! 
what's the quickest way to a woman's heart ? the rib cage . 
why nissan sunny ? is there nissan rainy ? 
what did the flower couple call their two babies ? poli , nate 
what does the high elves call gandalf ? methrandir 
how do cows multiply ? with cowculators ! 
what do apple and the us economy have in common now ? no jobs 
i'll be over there in a second just give me a minute 
* whispers in random chicks ear " i have pizza in the van " 
knock knock ... the pilot , let me in ! ! ! ! 
what's hitler's favourite cany ? nazipan 
i pulled the trigger on myself ... now i'm triggered . 
9 10 students agree that someone got lost on the field trip 
you knock on the melon to test freshness but something knocks back 
what does your s * * * smell like ? freedom . 
what's a sikh's favourite kind of joke ? a nanak nanak joke . 
why are colds such bad robbers ? because they're so easy to catch ! 
how do you find the worst joke of the internet ? you reddit . 
dear lord thank you for these noodles i'm about to eat , ramen 
going to see the new batman tonight , heard it got killer reviews . 
tomatoes grow so fast . other plants can't even ketchup . 
what's the difference between an orange and donald trump oranges have thick skin 
til you don't actually learn something new everyday . wait . nevermind . 
when do hamburgers most enjoy watching tv ? during prime time ! 
the difference between me normal people is the normal 
how do you congratulate a fighter after winning a match ? good jab . 
the tomato pastor began his sermon to the salad congregation " lettuce pray " 
irony is getting pregnant on a pull out couch 
fish must really like poetry . they like things that are deep . 
if chuck norris wants your opinion , he'll beat it into you . 
what computer says " hello " a dell 
strangers have the best candy . 
hygiene no my name is dad not gene . 
if kanye west was an egg ... ... he'd be over - yeezy . 
what did the terrorist send in the mail ? a cair package . 
what do you eat when you fly ? plane food or plain food ? 
i'm too young to be too old for everything . 
what's a greek's favorite color of sky ? golden dawn 
this ceiling fan keeps knocking over my ceiling furniture . 
i'm in a band called 1023 megabytes ... we haven't had a gig yet 
scientific name for viagra mycoxafloppin 
a woman's favorite position is ceo . 
where does sean connery put his beard clippings ? his shavings account . 
fifa ethics committee 
my new girlfriend says she has a water fetish apparently it gets her wet 
a great idea for shark tank mark cuban cigars . 
the best joke ever ... ... reddit's servers ! 
what do you call an empty town after dinner ? desserted 
" i made bank today . " - inarticulate construction worker 
what idiot named him spider - man instead of peter parkour ? 
mrw when finebros start losing subscribers rapidly ... * gets sued * 
developer accused of unreadable code refuses to comment 
who did chris brown mistook rihanna for ? britney spears 
what was bin laden's favorite football team ? the new york jets 
what cologne do engineers wear ? elon's musk 
what do 0 10 little boys enjoy ? catholic priests 
how do you grill sheep ? with samsung batteries . 
roosters are just edible alarm clocks . 
what does a dyslexic christian worship ? dog 
how did christopher columbus find india ? he used apple maps . 
you know who else doesn't leave another man's girlfriend alone ? mosquitos 
what is the most popular ethnic snack among programmers ? nan 
the bartender fainted . 
what does rare chicken meat taste like ? salmonella 
in soviet russia , shop boys pet you ! you're welcome . 
how did the bananas get away from the cops ? they split up . 
what idiot named it the english channel instead of the bb sea 
baby , i would run into a burning building from you . 
who's the only living relative of penguin ? his aunt arctica 
procrastination is similar to masturbation the longer you wait the larger the load 
there's no point to a dull knife . 
i need a new bad decision . 
what is the hamburglar's favorite david bowie song ? rebel rebel ! 
what's your favorite preservative salt , vinegar , lemon ? mine's embalming fluid . 
what does a cat say when its trapped in a box ? let meeeoooooooowwwwwwt 
i just purchased big foot repellant . er , sorry , a camera . 
virginity is curable . 
guys i need your opinion on this joke ! david cameron 
my memory lane is now mostly traffic cones . 
sir , on a scale , how much do you weigh ? 
filling out job application race : barbarian 
5 minutes no likes ? well then ... * deletes status * 
life is like a bowl of soup you only get blown if you're hot 
i see you're busy . i'll come back and ruin your free time . 
what do you do with an epileptic lettuce ? make seizure salad ! 
sometimes i'll order a pizza without any toppings ... when i'm feeling saucy . 
pedophilia you grow into it . 
what's a spiders favorite way to learn ? a webinar . 
yuck : i do not recommend volkswagen's new meat lover's jetta . 
but i love food , why would it want to poison me ? : 
you know why i always use the lower urinal ? the water's colder . 
i've only just realised that saturday contains the word turd . how marvelous . 
how do you make the 12th man happy ? fire bevell 
why did the weather want privacy ? - it was changing 
a magic tractor went down a dirt road and turned into a field . 
what does a cow do after a break up ? mooves on . 
for jesus this was anything but a good friday . 
sea jokes aren't for little kids . they're too salty . 
what kind of cereal does microsoft make ? wind o's 
when is carotene going to get out of beta mode ? 
what is hard and six inches long ? my pen is 
what is mother - approved and child - tested ? coat - hanger abortions 
what did helen keller say when her dog died ? 
i can almost always tell when a movie doesn't use real zombies . 
in russian thanksgiving , turkey shoots you . 
whats dj khaleds favourite jetski brand ? kawasakey 
vegetarian is an old indian word ... ... for bad hunter . 
pepsi ? pep * no * . 
what sound does an emo cow make ? amumu 
what did c say to e ? she wants the d . 
blondes what is a blondes favourite nursery rhyme ? humpme dumpme . 
what part of new york has the most feminists ? manhatin 
who is the funniest tennis player ? djokovic 
what's a three letter word for hell ? dmv . 
if ikea and lego combined forces our children could make our furniture . 
" reddit is a shopping website " that's what my sister said . 
guess what knock knock who dere not robin williams 
when is a pepper annoying ? when it's jalapeno face 
bill cosby is going to have a new show women say the darndest things 
i'm gonna kill anyone who says swag ... ... they'll call it the yolocaust 
when does eminem leave school ? aftermath 
what cheese does a piano princess eat ? mozart - rella ! 
what is bart simpsons favorite kind of fish ? stealhead ! 
when the river runs red ... take the dirt road . 
i'll stab someone if they hurt my kids . or touch my nachos . 
where do you put a hot dog ? on a pun . 
i know you look at the toilet paper after you wipe . 
what video game do feminists love to play ? no man's sky ! 
what's a scientist's favorite shade of blue ? cyan - tific . 
what is a ghost boxer called ? a phantomweight . 
size does matter - just ask pluto . 
facebook etiquette : thou shall not hold a conversation under someone's status post . 
i'm not a perv ... i'm a secret admirer 
if you pretend you're skimming you can straight up throw rocks at people . 
the mods they are a joke ! 
why don't people tell jim jones jokes ? the punchline is too long . 
instagram makes me feel like the world's only employed person . 
college cheerleaders look like no one has told them about human mortality yet . 
facebook jokes are always click next to read more 
my dog thinks i collect small bags of poo 
biology : the science of writing awesome bios . 
nasa launches bovines into space it was the herd shot round the world ! 
why do lambs go to casinos ? they love to gambol . 
what will mexico's national sport become if trump is elected ? pole vaulting 
my grandparents were fighting over a hamburger it was aged beef . 
why do kids hate steven hawking ? they don't like their vegetables . 
what does a bee style his hair with ? a honey comb ! 
what did the river say when coal barges stopped ? 
home alone : my favorite movie and also my hobby 
hello from the other side bye . 
perks of dating me : i'm too lazy to cheat on you 
if eye - rolling burned calories , women would never have to diet . 
which fish go to heaven when they die ? angelfish ! 
why couldn't batman go fishing ? because robin ate the worms . 
my wife's fanny smells like roses . . but rose's is tighter . 
what does isis call wine snobs ? zinfandels ! ! ! ! ! ! 
cause of death : very rough shirt tag 
how does a nazi high five ? up heil , down low ! 
good jokes about ebola will most likely go viral 
what do gifted bakers take in high school ? ap flour 
come with me and i will help you realize your full insignificance . 
average jokes don't end how you think they ... median 
* sees a cat yawning * how the hell can you be tired ? 
what did the priest say before eating his salad ? " lettuce pray " 
i'm google ama 
harry , it's your baby said professor umbridge 
i just drank some honey wine i'm feeling pretty buzzed . 
men are like department stores . their clothes should always be half off . 
how do i know you're not john cena ? i can see you 
i have a serious inflation fetish ... so i moved to zimbabwe . 
why is poo tapered ? so your arse doesn't slam . 
are you a general ? because you make my privates stand at attention . 
realdonaldtrump the 1930s called , they said " great idea . " 
what do english pirates call each other ? m80 
what do you call a grumpy girl's desk ? a periodic table . 
chuck norris once sneezed on a woman at the bank and got her pregnant 
if i'm lying but not wearing pants , what catches fire ? 
i just signed up for comcast ! 
what's nigel thornberry's favorite band ? the smashing pumpkins . 
maria sharapova . true woman of substance . 
twitter gives me this paranoid feeling that i am being followed . 
ethereal a breakfast suggestion from mike tyson 
what do you tell a diabetic girl in bed ? hi sugar 
avocados by dre . 79 . 99 each . 
if anything is used to its full potential , it will break . 
my favorite tree died earlier . now i have mourning wood . 
my perennial favourites always seem to come back year after year . 
burritos are just tacos that are shy . 
true romantic : i wonder what they're like in bed bath and beyond 
wecanlandonacometbutwecant let a comet land on us . - yakov smirnoff 
i never realized how short a month is until i started paying rent 
fat chances are my favorite chances 
where is wallace at ? where is his oscar nomination ? 
love may be blind , but marriage is a real eye - opener . 
why does hitler has a red phone ? to make phone calls ... 
the annual procrastination meeting has been postponed ... 
beer makes you stupid ... . budweiser too . 
i'm finally done smoking my name was legally changed yesterday . 
cancer isn't so bad it'll grow on you 
i accidentally stabbed myself with a pen it drew blood . 
its easier to be friends with people online . 
camera joke nikon 
i'm not a great lap dancer , i've got two left cheeks . 
what did the cannibal ask for in his burrito ? human beans 
hair on the muff they are old enough 
how does a tree access the internet ? it logs on . 
have you heard about the new emo pizza ? it cuts itself ! 
shakespear's hip hop stage name will . i . ambicpentameter 
what do you call a french organized crime detective ? j'ac cuza 
what do you call an egoistical sea animal ? selfish 
i drive a 5 wheeler ... but ones in the trunk 
you know you're wrong ... when youtube commenters start agreeing with you . 
how tall are the twin towers ? 9 " 11 
braaaaids - zombie sleepover 
what did the fish skeleton say ? long time , no sea . 
jesus wouldn't have been good at twitter he would've only had twelve followers . 
what do rabbits put in their computers ? hoppy disks ! 
i'm going to post an original joke on r jokes . 
how do they play basketball in mexico ? juan on juan 
why is lance armstrong a good citizen ? because he is always recycling 
* quietly tries to open a bag of chips during a bank robbery * 
dear car companies , please replace glove compartments with toaster ovens . 
i swear , even my ex lasted longer than my phone battery does . 
what happened to voldemort's face ? nobody nose . 
whispers to you at my own funeral ok don't freak out 
gravity 0 5 : worst space jam sequel ever . literally no basketball . 
study indicates percussion as cause of hard drive failure . whacked drives shatter ... 
what's the most popular religion for addicts ? the crystal methodists 
my new mixtape is called gpa ... and it's about to drop 
autopsy confirms george michael choked on a chocolate bar it was a careless whisper 
boxing is dead as ... mayweather's wife if she talks back again . 
i'd like to have a child one day . two days , tops . 
how do you overcome tyrannical pancakes ? u syrup em 
what word is always spelled incorrectly ? incorrectly . i'll see myself out . 
all squirrels fly when you own a t - shirt cannon . 
judging by the mess in the living room . babies don't bounce . 
beer foam is the opposite of memory foam . 
lpt : dont buy french bread you will get nothing but pain 
* seductively tries to take off sock with his other foot * 
why are librarians so shy ? their occupation makes them very shelf conscious . 
the neverending story should've just been called laundry . 
i'd like to schedule a disappointment . 
i met the guy who invented window sills ... what a ledge ! 
professor x walks into a bar gt : 
one out of five dentists has the courage to speak their own mind 
the celebrity couple name for donald trump and hillary clinton is clump . 
what do drunk female pirates like to give up ? da booty ! 
what is your favourite type of birthday present ? another present ! 
i paid 600 to get off once damn court costs . 
what is the most dangerous color ? sharktreuse 
worst possible baby name : adolf judas kardashian . 
today is a 10 10 day guys 10 10 2015 
oh , you're a fan of the chainsmokers ? name 3 chains they've smoked 
seeing your ex with someone uglier than you . awesome . 
my girlfriend just told me , i'm sorry i am married . 
i fell sick today when i wore crocs ... i am lacoste intolerant . 
what was the top item on hitler's grocery list ? concentrated juice . 
first time i saw a dry erase board i said thats " remarkable " 
remember that time i made that funny joke ? me neither . 
what did leonardo dicaprio say when he planted a seed ? inception 
if bad russian puns were worth a nikolai would be rich . 
do you know what i call my hiking playlist ? my trail mix 
apple watches your money go into their pocket . 
come on , grandma ! thank goodness for commas . 
what did the blanket say as it fell of the bed ? sheet 
what do you call a horse that likes arts and crafts ? glue . 
crouching tiger , public toilet seat . 
i have benefits if anybody needs a friend . 
" this is not a drill ! " guy holding a hammer . 
the existence of hogwarts has never been proven false ... 
upvote this if you're in north korea ! ... . wait ... . 
which is the most dangerous animal in the northern hemisphere ? yak the ripper 
baseball is wrong . a man with 4 balls cannot walk . 
new idea for mythbusters : find an honest politician . 
exit signs . they are on their way out . 
is that a booger in your nose ? no , it's snot . 
how do clams communicate ? a shell phone ! 
what's a redneck's favourite vegetable ? pump - kin . 
how do you dispose of a human body wait this isn't google 
what do pigs drive ? pig - up trucks ! 
i come from a long line of people waiting to get in . 
: n poo love , australia . 
what do you call a dead is fighter was fighter . 
i can sum up 2016 in four words two thousand and sixteen 
i tried to think of an electricity pun now my head hertz 
a bogey man who's a pretty good guy is ... snot bad . 
don't move , i know what i'm doing . * takes a nap 
where can you find the strongest tea ? cliffsides because it's so steep . 
what does a hiker love to listen to ? a trail mix ! 
" i just threw up in my mouth a little . " - cows 
what driver doesn't have a license ? a screwdriver 
i saved time doing yard work by renaming the weeds " plants " 
who often shoots in the wrong direction ? clint westwood 
why are cows lazy and fat ? because they don't like to mooooooooooooove . 
why are churches never broke ? because jesus saves . 
who was the first striker ? jesus . he went for the cross 
box wine ? i prefer the term cardboardeaux . 
your shirt is a little small . no , i am to big . 
why do people like r citrus ? it's sublime 
no party would be complete without that creepy guy sitting in the corner . 
why does a cow need a bell ? because its horn doesn't work . 
what kind of light makes the best us president ? a blinkin light 
remember when i pissed off apollo ? those were dark times . 
i've got an l - shaped bed . lowercase . 
have you seen the bus website ? yes - it's just the ticket ! 
bernie sanders to cut the bs now wants to be called ernie anders 
what type of cancer is an anarchist immune to ? prostate 
my swedish friend asked me to stop making ikea jokes . ikea'nt 
maintaining an erection : it's never been my strong point . 
littlefoot walks into a petting zoo . . he's trying to find ducky . 
why was einstein unable to build a wall ? he only had ein stein 
i'm jealous of how many friends the people on intervention have . 
what would one call a movie about meth addictions ? need for speed . 
what is wrong with riverdale that archie was the best option ? 
why did the bees build the hive ? it's in their beehavior . 
siri does the best stephen hawking impression . 
me and my recliner ... we go way back . 
what crime did the tree commit to be put in tree jail ? treeson 
have a bad only child ? apple unveils terrifying robot sibling ... isis . 
my friend is an anorexic atheist . he thin . 
what did one snow man say to the other ? smells like carrots 
what did the beaver say when his house burned down ? damn 
how do you get a goth down from a tree ? cut the rope 
what do you call a pirates thong ? a whispering eye patch . 
you guys excited for christmas ? only 366 more days : d 
me : treat yo self my bank account : do not treat yo self 
the buddhist mafia is called karma . 
i'm really good at stuff until people watch me do that stuff . 
because you can't hang up in person . duct tape , 
longest english word : pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosi longest spanish word : gooooooooooooooooooooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaalllllll 
there is no solid evidence of global warming ... ... it all melted . 
" doughnuts . is there anything they can't do ? " 
here's an example of a cliffhanger 
what kind of dog sniffs out new flowers ? a bud hound ! 
taming wild cats by claude face 
why was the homeless man's body cremated ? because he urned it 
what's bad about wetting your bed ? urine it . 
muhammad the police would be upon him 
what were the martyr's last words ? i believe in peace in our time 
i tested positive for optimism . 
what does the dot on an indian woman's forehead signify ? coffee's ready 
been watching sharknado . when did tara reid turn 60 ? ? 
5 out of six researchers conclude , russian roulette is complete safe . 
a baby seal walked into a club my son has a new stuffed animal 
where are you most likely to drown ? * deepends * 
who are the hamburgers favourite people ? vegetarians ! 
i drink to forget ... my alcoholism . 
paris hilton picked up the new galaxy note 7 ... . that's hot . 
tried to eskimo kiss my girl last night ... but she wasn't inuit . 
what do single people call valentine's day ? independence day 
redditors are like alchemists . they try to turn their nonsense into gold . 
a group of crows killed an innocent person it really was a murder scene 
a social gathering without food is called a " don't . " 
who is the director of the first wireless movie ? christopher no - lan 
i love my life , but it just wants to be friends ... 
i wanted to buy an electric car and the prices were shocking 
somebody called me pretentious today ... i almost choked on my chai latte . 
if your soviet girlfriend wants to take it slow don't russia 
what kind of key opens a casket ? a skeleton key . 
my friend is deaf in his left ear . his hearing is alright . 
don't worry , men . women can't tell women to calm down either . 
what would be the name of a very old rapper ? 2 canes 
i'll date any guy that can digest a seagull faster than me . 
the father of mike davidson , what's his full name ? david mikesdaad 
what's irish and sits outside ? paddy o'fu rniture 
what's a one way streets favorite band ? one direction 
what superheroes refuse to fight in north carolina ? the x - men 
recently , my self driving car has been malfunctioning . it's driving me crazy 
the mirrors in my house have been pretty sarcastic lately . 
take my wife , please ! 
why are there commercials for milk ? who still doesn't know about milk ? 
sonic the hedgehog sells his soul to the devil . gotta go faust ! 
which type of soup is the heaviest ? won - ton soup 
what do you call a bird who never remembers song lyrics ? a hummingbird 
periodic joke do you have any nitrogen monoxide jokes ? no 
i'm pretty sober . but i'm prettier drunk . 
what's avagodro's favorite type of dip ? guacamole 
what did who the clown use as his clown horn ? who nose ? 
what do you call the fruit of islam ? quran - berries 
weed . nature's way of saying high 
2000 pounds of crap music 1 reggaeton . 
why do bulimics love kfc ? it comes with a bucket . 
children are the gift that keeps on taking . 
why did michael jackson not molest macaulay culkin ? he wasn't hot enough . 
my eyebrows were just trimmed during my haircut so i'm officially 80 . 
people who clap when the plane lands don't aim particularly high do they ? 
i hate dividing fractions . flipping reciprocals . 
what did the naughty rabbit leave for easter ? deviled eggs ! 
i was going to do the dishes but they weren't in the mood . 
why do north americans hate playing chess ? cause they lack the towers . 
what's the easiest thing to lift with a forklift ? a palette . 
fidel castro is dead trump don't mess about . 
math puns ... ... are a sure sine that you are going crazy . 
hot singles in your fannypack want to go in the vending machine . 
why can't the homeless ever get by in america ? because there's no chaaaannggggeeeee 
sunny today but its not sunday its saturday . really gets you thinking . 
why is a violin difficult to play ? because it is fiddly ! 
people with more than 2 numbers in their username probably belong in prison . 
want my opinion on mongolia ? it has it's pros and khans 
why did the little girl bury her flashlight ? her batteries were dead . 
an elephant never walks into a bar he only drinks to forget 
channing tatum's next movie ... magic mike - big amp tall 
why couldn't princess leia find love ? she was looking in alderaan places . 
which burgers can tell your fortune ? medium burgers ! 
i wish crappy people weren't allowed to like my favorite band . 
" my lips are sealed . " - virgins . 
i think i've figured out dr who's first name guess 
" with great power , comes great responsibility " - - melania trump 
what should pms be called ? ovary - acting 
best internet joke in a long time frontier communications 
people tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves . 
car's favorite dance ? brake dance 
scientists find new way to measure pregnancy placentage 
how do italians light their dynamite ? with a fuse - illi . 
my bank statement is just a visual record of bad decisions . 
where do noobs live in iceland ? rekt - javik 
how cute does one have to be to make sparks fly ? electro cute 
the cat's in the cradle ... . omg . it ate the baby . 
i need to burn 644 , 098 calories at the gym today . 
what do young ghosts call their parents ? deady and mummy . 
why didn't the penguin close on his mortgage ? he had cold feet . 
took a window fitting course the other day . smashed it . 
how amphetamine addiction is called ? need for speed . 
how do you make german potato pancakes ? cook them in the microwave 
advent calendars their days are numbered ... 
an unconvincing lie on a resume i good english speak . 
kids make friends in 5 seconds , adults make friends in 5 drinks . 
there is one instrument i just can't stand . . the sitar 
whats a plumber's favorite vegetable ? a leek ! 
* something awful happens * * checks if mercury is in retrograde * 
i haven't seen my whole family since last year 
in light of wednesday in texas talk about a clock block . 
just got back from a once in a lifetime holiday , never again ! 
guys , i just found a bunch of mohicans ! 
what is bill cosby's arch - nemesis ? smelling salts . 
why is it called cat nip and not meowjuana ? 
there's no recipe in this world that raisins can't ruin . 
does this subreddit like jokes about sodium ? " na " 
" say hello to my knitted friend ! " - scarfface 
" i'm great in bed " breakfast 
why are rosary beads so small ? because altar boys are really tight . 
pc does anybody knows how to clean a laptop without opening it 
my anchor tattoo is so realistic i can't get out of the bathtub . 
why did your mum ask for food ? edward macaroni fork 
my favourite gymnastics move is the double cheeseburger . 
some cats just sit there looking at you like you owe them money . 
you really shouldn't anthropomorphize in animate objects . they really don't like it . 
if a candidate takes virginia . . it will make his caucus hard . 
what is fetty wap's favorite time ? 5 : 38 pm . 
what a group of musical chemists called ? butane clan 
what sound does a baroque chicken make ? bach bach bach bach 
what was whitney houston's favourite kind of co - ordination ? haaaaannnnndd eeeyyyyyyeeeeee 
kanye's daughter's first hit single . . . north by north west 
a mathematician walks into a bar there are now two counters 
my hair looks amazing today . i hope i see everybody i hate . 
why do people buy expensive rims ? they're investing in wheel estate . 
what's the worst hereditary disease ? cousins 
you're so fake , barbie is jealous . 
they call me the weatherman when i'm playing basketball because i'm never accurate . 
why are holocaust jokes never clean ? because they're full of germans . 
nice try , people that invite me to things that aren't in my house 
just downloaded the myspace app and my ipad transformed into a commodore 64 . 
i dumped my blind fiance yesterday . she never saw it coming . 
to r news china just called , they want their censorship back . 
what part of a football pitch smells nicest ? the scenter spot ! 
my face is so oily the us wants to invade it . 
what's a holocaust survivor's favorite movie ? gone with the wind . 
yeah , if albert einstein is so smart then why is he dead ? 
metric dollar . 
who manufactures quidditch balls . wilson . j . k . rawling 
whats a beautiful place like this doing around a girl like you ? 
someone is watching you ... and his name is john seenya ! 
twitter . or as i call it : sinterest . 
i'm wearing that smile you gave me 
oc time heals all wounds . . unless you re a haemophiliac . 
i love england th ... i love england the flags a big plus 
a squiggly red line should appear under people who are wrong for you 
be smart because you won't be pretty forever . 
just when you think 2016 has finished killing celebrities ... wham george michael 
the average person swallows 3 cats on their drive home from work . 
what's the best version of microsoft office ? microsoft office 36543 
whatever happened to robot jones ? he got cancelled . 
i had to fire my receptionist today . there was just no connection . 
really whenever i get up is " too early . " 
there's a spider on my calculator . must be an arachnerd . 
what state has the best small sized soft drink ? minisoda 
murdered for immortality . received life sentence . 
when the devil loses hair there will be hell toupee 
why do we rub ourselves to rubadubdbub 
why does arnold schwarzenegger kill insects ? because he's an ex - terminator 
the bible tl dr 
* walks in late to dinner * i see fed people . 
surprise your partner in bed by dying in your sleep 
calling your girlfriend dumbledore cz she is the real head master 
when no one is looking , squirrels use donuts as hula hoops 
jesus was the original crossfit . 
book about skeletons ? * * spine * * 
the revenant was ... grizzly . 
if life gives you melons ... get a good sports bra . 
i used to be really into nostalgia ... ... those were good times . 
i'm a terrorist because i killed the joke 
guess what my valentine gave me ? carpal tunnel ... 
on mondays i like to reply to all my bosses emails with unsubscribe 
how can you shorten a bed ? don't sleep long in it . 
i didn't fall for you , you f * cking tripped me 
i'm the designated driver so it's mini bottles in the restroom for me 
why do we bake cookies and cook bacon ? 
donald trump finally something worse than twilight 
why can't you hear django coming ? the d is silent . 
i've got a chicken proof lawn it's impeccable 
september just ended ... someone should wake up green day . 
i love kids . when they're adults . 
desperation is exactly what i look for in a woman . 
why do dentists recommend jpeg ? it is a flossy compression method . 
" freeze ! nobody move ! " mother nature 
i can describe my girlfriend and 9 11 in one word bush 
where does the pirate put his ear ring ? in his buccaneer . 
what do you say when it's snowing ? winter is coming . 
* cutting the sleeves off a snuggie and calling it a thuggie * 
an irishman walks into an aa meeting . just kidding . 
i feel like i'm diagonally parked in a parallel universe . 
the 8 fell over and stayed there for infinity . 
a good lawyer knows the law . a great lawyer knows the judge . 
a man tried to find a restaurant using apple maps 
applebees is a word that starts off pretty tame but takes a dangerous twist 
who's the best detective in mexico ? sherlock - holmes 
if i win the lottery my cats are getting gold teeth and canopy beds 
i found out about you from my last nightmare . 
start a reddit for gf earn more karma on her account than mine . 
can bernie sanders recover ? from his devastating win in michigan ? 
got a christmas card with rice in it it was from uncle ben 
barrack obama won the olympic gold medal usain bolt was running for president 
there is a fine line between public and pubic 
why can't abraham lincoln remember the gettysburg address ? because he's dead . 
ugh , i'm still writing 2009 on all my ransom notes 
what do you call introverted hobbits ? shyer folk 
i hope there comes a day when cancer is just a zodiac sign 
the greatest detective stories ever told by watts e . dunn 
i'm the nokia phone in a room full of iphones 
i bought some powdered water i don't know what to add . 
is yoda's last name lay - he - hoo ? 
girls , get your abortions now in case the republicans win 
what's a grecian urn ? nothing , they're bankrupt . 
a woman is like a fine wine : they are 70 water 
" my imaginary friend is better than yours ! " religion . 
" another day another dollar . " - african kids 
we should stop making jokes out of harambe those jokes are dead anyways 
there are marriages that end well ... ... and others that last forever . 
just decked the halls . let that be a warning to halls everywhere . 
linkedin is a terrible dating site 
improve your target shooting by mr completely 
what's 7 inches and makes women submissive ? a knife . 
return of the jedi is not possible without the receipt of the jedi . 
what's the perfect line of work for a lizard ? re - tail . 
a haiku about my love life ... hahahahaha hahahahahahaha hahahahaha 
what does an aardvark keep in his aquarium ? an aard - shark ! 
windows 10 rollout 
i would be so pissed if someone shook me all night long . 
i have trouble even monotasking . 
what has four legs but isn't alive ? a dead dog 
remember , today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday . 
answers phone in crowded elevator give me some good news ... how contagious ? 
what do you get when water washes away dirt ? a road 
facebook : people trying to save the world one uneducated post at a time 
what makes rock stars great campers ? their living situation is intense . 
i think i'm done clapping for stuff . it's enough already . 
first thing you do in the school of rock ? rock enroll . 
i miss having lance armstrong at the olympics he was dope . 
what's under the pillsbury doughboy's apron ? doughnuts 
what do islamist extremists eat for breakfast ? french toast 
you know what's stupider than a cow ? two cows . 
what did the biologists call their basketball team ? the hemoglobin - trotters ! 
i was offered a part in a silent film . i'm speechless . 
adblock can't melt ellen pao . 
what's beethoven's favorite fruit ? elton john . 
i gave my family moving pictures for christmas today . they were great gifs 
concussions are like pineapples : what was the question . 
i wonder if china has fancy plates called america 
what people travel the most ? romans . 
what do bees use to do their hair ? honeycombs ! 
me : i'm nauseous . webmd : stop looking in the mirror . 
uuhhhhckkk . pants are the worst . 
beltway holdups 
why did the russian man get food poisoning ? because ne - coli . 
what phone networks do jedi's use ? yodafone 
" drop it like its hot " - terrible parenting advice from snoop dog 
i don't go to the mailbox because that's where the responsibility monster lives . 
if you collect ladies of the night nsfw does that make you a whorder 
pikachu used racist comments it's super offensive ! 
what color is ice ? hielo . 
it makes more sense to dump gatorade on the losing head coach . 
what do people typically get at whole foods ? ripped off . 
so i went to my first gym today brock was pretty hard . 
if trump was in any political party ... he'd be in the whig party 
why do tectonic plates wear diapers ? because they're in continents . 
i can't believe i shaved my toes for this 
what is the worst joke in philosophy ? one that kant be repeated . 
i had to do my nightly chores twice today thanks daylight savings ! 
i like it when people complement me on my grammar 
with your current salary what apple product can you buy ? apple juice 
funny joke . thefinebrothers . 
the biggest flaw with the new apple icar is installing windows . 
there's no such thing as an automatic door . just gentlemen ninjas . 
yes you impress me but so does a new set of windshield wipers . 
name a famous robber ! cops ! 
what is blizzard going to call starcraft 5 ? scv . 
an alzheimer joke sorry if this is a repost 
whatever happened to silk underwear ? a : fell through the cracks . 
always tweet as if your unfollowers are watching . 
how do you call sons of australians and germans ? men at work 
what is important in relationships ? reflexivity and transitivity . 
crabs always look like they're walking themselves out of an awkward situation ... . 
what is green , and then red ? frogs in a blender . 
i have a malaysia airlines joke but no one finds it funny 
i like my girl like i like ... reddit unexpectedly down on me ! 
which phone is most sold in australia ? the htc m8 . oi mate 
what's six inches long that women love ? folding money . 
i feel like trump is like hitler terribly misunderstood . 
an olympic gymnast walked into a bar ... she didnt get a medal ... 
how does a dog catcher gets paid ? by the pound . 
who's in charge of all the liquid measurements ? the liter . 
ryan seacrest and ellen degeneres are the same person . fact 
what is the only thing keeping fat people from jenny craig ? the door 
i hate sausage puns . they're the wurst . 
what type of bees don't die ? zom - bees 
the hardest part about online dating ... finding someone who clicks with you . 
what do stoners ride to school ? the cannibus 
a woman says : i'm hot . lets turn on the air conditioner 
why did the thesaurus have a creeping feeling ? he had an antonym . 
doctor doctor can i have second opinion ? of course come back tomorrow ! 
what do you call water that hasn't been changed ? still , water . 
what is going to replace obamacare ? don . t . care 
i don't call it stalking i call it checking up 
why does reddit love ronda rousey so much ? she hits women 
what kind of degrees do slaves get in college ? their master's . 
this election year i vote for seroquel because i'm antipsychotic 
referees at the lions - seahawks game 
i used to be a missing cat now i'm in a band 
need to save money on car insurance ? flee the scene . 
you're a narcissist . a bet you thought this thread was about you . 
what cereal do impotent men eat ? nut - n raisin honey 
how do they make bras for octopi ? with suction cups . 
want to hear a good comeback story ? brokeback mountain . 
why did snow white go to bed ? she was feeling sleepy . 
there's one nice thing about getting alzheimers i'm making new friends every day ! 
i tried to ignore my girlfriend's bulimia but she kept bringing it back up 
my friend asked me what superpower i wanted i said cold war russia 
what was camelot ? a place where people parked their camels ! 
desi vedio jugar of india jugar india ka 
i'm 20 years old , and my so is 9 months pregnant . 
who do you call during a zika virus emergency ? the swat team 
what's the best language for jokes ? punjabi . 
when women go wrong , men go right after them . 
the man who discovered copper died penniless . 
my mind is made up ... i'm frankenstein . 
accidents happen everyday ... you were one of them . 
what was the first profession to go all digital ? proctology . 
what's canada's intelligence agency called ? the c . i . eh 
9 11 was an outside job ... ... until the planes came in 
jokes are all about delivery but i'm more of a digiorno guy 
every time i consider being healthy , i remember pizza . 
wat do you call the entrance to a whore house ? a hodor 
how do blind doctors deliver babies ? with a can't c - section . 
just laid an egg . very worried 
i'm giving " up " dvds for lent 
why is the brain always anxious ? it's part of the nervous system . 
you shouldn't buy so much velcro ... it usually a ripoff 
i only eat " indie " breads . i am a naan - conformist 
what do people with an extra chromosome wash their clothes with ? downy . 
how do you get rid of an itch ? start from scratch . 
my alarm is so needy ... it wants attention at the worst times ! 
what did the belgian nazis call themselves ? the waffle s . s . 
what's a pirate's favourite game ? an arrr - pg 
boats don't sleep . they wake . 
so i heard scalia died ... now can we finally legalize marijuana ? 
gunshots or fireworks ? 
what did the stupid ghost do ? he used to climb over walls . 
what kind of aircraft is into men and women ? a biplane . 
i thought i saw an original joke today turns out i just misreddit 
" that's so raven . " - bird watcher 
for each like , i'll take a shot on new years ... 
maybe just don't throw stones in any kind of house . 
what do you call a russian man with three testicles ? mr . whodyounickabollockov 
you know what i dread ? the long hair of jamaicans 
what drove the british mystery fan insane ? he lost his marples . 
how do sharks like their steak ? whale - done : 
planes are the bomb . imagine the impact they had on 9 11 
did you hear about that terrorist attacks in moscow ? there's ruble everywhere . 
what gives milk and has a horn ? a milk tank ! 
why did the bee started talking poetry ? he was waxing lyrical ! 
what's the most common illness affecting neckbeards ? m'la ise . 
what is a uppercase i ? pointless . 
what type of jokes are the least upvoted ones ? original jokes . 
dinosaurs probably spelled tuesday , ptuesday 
what did the pharaohs use to keep their babies quiet ? egyptian dummies . 
what's the proper way to pronounce mormon ? the second m is silent . 
what is the national vegetable of germany ? * michael schumacher . * 
what does a cow like to do by a campfire ? roast moosmallows ! 
gas is so fracking expensive these days . 
whats best joke aboot canada ? i'm canadian and i was just wondering 
two can dine ... if we 69 
help me out , i don't know any white jokes 
so the irish are pissed ... ... drunk . ... yeah . 
i just got back from paris it was a blast . 
trained zebra no video see the benefits of training 
humans are bad at being basketballs . 
why the word redundancy when lawyers say cease and desist ? billable vowels . 
the pollen count that's a difficult job ! credit to milton jones 
a woman got complimented for her driving ... 
my sphincter is a lumberjack . he cuts logs in half . 
to all of the dyslexic population of reddit : * * untie * * 
if a buzzing insect saw the alphabet , would ... a bee see ? 
problem gambling ? bet you can't quit . 
how do dolphins live their lives ? with a porpoise . 
cells multiply by dividing . 
i lost sixty pounds in two seconds with diet and exercise and photoshop ! 
how do you spot a dwarf in a drugstore ? he's the smallest one 
most drug - sniffing dogs refuse to admit they have a problem 
i started an emo salsa band we're called hispanic at the disco 
when i draw a fish i always ... . ... draw it to scale 
never kiss a canary . you'll get churpies ! it's a canarial disease . 
at least the english rugby team doesn't have a flight home of shame ... 
white girls spend 15 of their lives thinking about cutting bangs . 
north korea declares war . 
what did the baby computer call his dad ? data ! 
blows you a kiss with chip crumbs hitting your face 
i'll sell my broken watch when the time is right . 
mobius strippers ... never show their backside . 
jokes what do pigs read 
nobody should regret anything that made them smile . 
i spent the last hour repeatedly pressing f5 it's pretty refreshing . 
i'm tired of making fun of mariah carey it's so 2016 
how should a doctor treat a patient with mesothelioma ? asbestos he can . 
bad news ... apparently " bouncing baby boy " is just an idiom . 
what's the difference between a seal and sea lion ? one electron 
what's the hitler youth's favorite weather ? heil 
what does a gorilla learn first in school ? the apey - cees ! 
everyone has these expansive bucket lists mine is a little pail in comparison 
why can't you tell jokes to kleptomaniacs i stole this joke from somewhere ... 
the united states ruined hiroshima . which american city did japan ruin ? detroit 
i wrote a book on diy . it comes with a free pen . 
in the 50's the pot called the kettle a different word . 
" i literally died . " - white girls in heaven . 
trump is a plant by the nra to make liberals want to shoot someone 
what type of music do astronauts love ? neptunes ! 
this day is medieval ... because it's a dragon . 
what type of condom does spock use ? vulcanized rubber ! 
i'm not fat ! my dna's just bold font . 
my wedding will be open casket . 
needles what are dull needles good for ? nothing , they're pointless . 
50 shades of grey my liver 
that mona lisa ... she's no oil painting , is she ? 
how do hipsters talk about shoes ? ... http : imgur . com yzelyvt 
fox news knows we can google stuff , right ? 
are you a broken air freshener because you aren't making any scents 
do deaf people have a right to a fair hearing ? 
the movie noah would be more entertaining if it was combined with sharknado . 
describe windows 10 with two words . vista 2 . 0 
pigs what is s pig's least favorite game 
cinco de mayo means five of mayonnaise in spanish . 
how do you find a dead body ? download pokemon go . 
what's the most logical country ? and or a 
how do you contact a cross dresser ? shemail 
what did ryan lochte name his gold medal ? goldilochtes 
which letter of the alphabet is the laziest ? letter g lethargy 
astronauts favorite hangout the space bar 
everyone on the saturday night live thing pronounced it sarynyelive 
did you hear about the injured carpenter ? he hurt his widdle finger . 
i am so bad at self - deprecation 
how does raw chicken taste ? fowl 
why aren't hippies good pitchers ? because they're always high and outside . 
to all the people in australia o 
girl , we can play zoo . . and you can tame my monkey 
relationship status : i get the remote to myself ! 
her eyes were the color of paint 
oc what type of music do irish people listen to ? pubstep 
who's the idiot that named it a brazilian and not a tropical smoothie ? 
i wish i had half the determination and persistence of adobe reader updater . 
" whom whom whom " - owl that never gets invited to parties 
what's the opposite of critical thinking ? critical theory . 
i should sell this house , the rooms spin when i drink vodka . 
the steel band by lydia dustbin 
what did the square of cloth identify as on tumblr ? nap - kin 
getting carried away is usually fun , unless it's by a truck . 
cheers to the freakin weekend * lays in bed for 2 days straight * 
" long story short " makes your story three words longer . 
" no more mr nice guy " mr nice guy's eulogy 
you found poison in his stomach ? but he hated poison ! 
nick saban walks into a bar ... to watch the college football championship 
can bees fly in the rain ? not without their little yellow jackets ! 
i almost did this stupid thing at work where i think for myself . 
why do we feel like whistleblowers right now ? because we're snowedin . 
hey chubby dudes rockin tight polo shirts . nope . 
my dogs wouldn't pee this morning they didn't do squat 
autocannibalism is self - serving . 
let's make it weird . dont worry . i'll start . 
50 cent files for bankruptcy he only had 50 cent 
sometimes i ponder in what position was i concieved ? 
which tornadoes are the most refreshing ? f5 tornadoes . 
here's a long joke . . trumps candidacy 
cop : freeze ! ! ! excel : lol no problem 
i'm so sick of gravity ! it's really brining me down . 
they finally replaced the old clock it's about time . 
theres an egg on yor head ... only yoking . 
click for the joke the joke 
honk if you hate noise pollution 
what's the worst thing about fridays ? realizing it's only tuesday . 
if at first i don't succeed , i've already met my wife's expectations . 
how do college students exercise ? by swimming in their debt . 
is it good to drink witch's brew ? yes it's very newt tricious ! 
what celebrity is most likely to stab you ? james blunt 
no sane person argues with their gps as much as i do . 
a useless blood vessel is found dead it died in vein 
allow me to brighten your day : http : imgur . com gallery 6qogr 
what is cowhide mostly used for ? keeping cows from falling apart . 
i got asked out by 12 girls out of the women's bathroom 
best joke i know reddit on april fools day . 
why was the corn farmer paranoid ? because the field has ears . 
say what you will about chris brown he produces hit after hit . 
how do you tie two half ducks together ? with ducktape ! ! 
a pencil isn't as phallic as a pen is . 
we all used facebook out of curiosity and it ended as an addiction . 
clue is a wonderful game that teaches children about murder . 
why did mrs . piggy's relationship fail ? she couldn't stand making kermitments 
a landscaper's favourite musical genre ? mow - town . 
joan rivers had so many facelifts that the ended up with a goatee 
upgrade your weekend : take monday off ... 
anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new . 
adding up by juan juan 
it's kinda like i'm a shopaholic but with alcohol instead of clothes . 
what does popeye use to toss his salad ? olive oil . 
why do lawyers wear neckties ? to keep their foreskins from creeping up . 
why are there no cats on mars ? curiosity . 
rats are under rated . just check your dictionary . 
i threw caution to the wind . caution is my little brother . 
my eyesight is good , but my strongest sense is non . 
is your name wifi , because i'm feeling the connection 
one thing i like about facebook ... it's my space . 
what kind of a friar loves philosophy ? a deep friar . 
say what you want about floyd mayweather he can't read it anyway 
here's what i've been thinking ... how can a male have nut allergies ? 
i'd take cap'n crunch more seriously if his eyebrows weren't on his hat . 
remember to keep the inmate in intimate by getting married . 
oh , you're a ceiling fan ? name three ceilings . 
have you heard of probability before ? the student replied , " probably " 
the catholic church has chosen its anthem concerto for organ in a minor . 
why don't cannibals like to eat carl lewis ? he gives them runs ! 
the inventor of predictive text has died his funfair is hello on sundial . 
would you like a push on that mood swing of yours ? 
civil war jokes ? most of them are general - lee stupid . 
some guy died at the gym ... they had to deadlift him out . 
picture a fish household with an upside - down bowl for their tiny human 
do all toyota priuses come with obama 08 stickers already on them ? 
whats white and likes to shoot ? kevin nash 
all in all , it's just a ... nother post on my wall . 
" yogurt ! " gurt : " yes ? " 
cow with a twitch , beef jerky . 
never trust someone that wears colored contacts . they've already lied to you . 
red political majority white racial majority and blue militant majority 
what lies in a pram and wobbles ? a jelly baby . 
kalimba - tocando fondo bacan la cancion 
when is a pig an ecologist ? when he recycles garbage into ham . 
i lost 100 pounds . getting mugged in europe . 
life on mars found ... to be unlikely . 
thinking about going to 50 shades and eating loudly the whole time . 
what does miley cyrus eat on thanksgiving ? twerkey ! 
what do confused owls say ? too - whit - to - why ? 
i wonder if the colorado planned parenthood shooter had a plan b ? 
chuck norris chest hair has chest hair . 
anybody know of a good job for someone that hates people and working ? 
i went to a reverse psychologist he told me to kill myself 
difference between gipsy and a pizza the pizza can feed a family of four 
explain joke what do cows eat ? le - moo - ns 
how did the king die ? he had a bad heir day 
how many scots didn't turn up to vote ? one in fife 
you probably solved a problem which einstein couldn't solve because he didn't see it 
what workplace benefit do ebola quarantine nurses receive ? hazardous doodie pay ! 
i think the little ledges in front of windows are silly . 
i'm basically shuffling papers and watching the clock until the next batman movie . 
do you give head to strangers ? or should i introduce myself ? 
what does a witch enjoy cooking most ? gnomelettes . 
the best trick the devil ever pulled was calling herself " him " . 
what's the most racist letter of the alphabet ? not z . 
karma is like 69 : " you get , what you give 
there are two kinds of woman who never complain . gifs and jpgs 
doing nf now ! ign opticvpredz x1 xboxone 
a blond walks into a bar you think she would've seen it . 
my favourite anti joke . 
i would have bought battlefront ea if the rancor wasn't a dead one . 
if i can hear you chew , i have fantasized about your death . 
50 notifications later and i regret commenting on your status . 
what do you call a gynecologist who really loves his job ? ovary enthusiastic 
i'm not only a workaholic , i drink at home too . 
are u alright ? no i'm half left 
what did kermit eat after he got divorced ? pork chops 
why the sadman buy keybord ? because is the " key " to hapennies 
has anybody ever thought of buying a pig a plane ticket ? 
i wonder what hospitals do with all the foreskins . 
what did they call dracula when he won the league ? the champire ! 
what is a rastafarian's favorite country ? yemen 
men are like buses , they won't text me back . 
amazon is selling used copies of 50 shades ... . ewe 
what's your body type ? mine is " giant gummy bear . " 
i am better off now than i was 4 beers ago ... 
why can't america play chess ? they are missing 2 towers 
what was saddam husseins favourite tv show ? despot housewives 
i finally found out why op never delivers ! 
america : we put the try in country . 
graduations are so immature you can hardly get to the end without name calling 
real chemist never dies ... just stops reacting . 
speaking at funeral we made it guys it's friday 
are vegans allowed to play duck hunt 
sedated , cheese - loving , northern ed miliband ... and gromit . 
today punched man a me that was out of order 
wanna piss a rhinoceros off ? hang his car keys on his nose . 
what's a latin professor's favorite song ? hit the quam 
what is it called when two little people get divorced ? daworfed 
it's too bad the meaning of life is 141 characters . 
what street in france do reindeer live on ? rue dolph 
why couldn't the lizard get it up ? he had ereptile dysfunction . 
costume idea : dress up like milkshake , wait in the yard . 
with my 4 year old granddaughter : what's a cat's favorite pasta ? mousearoni 
don't beat your children ... give them informative physical connections . 
what's it called when a hippy hangs himself ? tie - die 
january 20 , 2017 the day america expires . 
how many reporters does it take to get a headline with isis ? 
i've finally stopped drinking for good . and i've started drinking for evil . 
why did the spanish man's boat sink ? ola 
a rolling stone ... somebody pushed it . 
what did they call hitler when he swam ? adolfin 
what's the best way to hunt for deer ? driving at midnight . 
i put my blood sweat and tears into making this red cordial 
let's play communist monopoly ! oh wait ... 
i have patio furniture in the friend zone . 
i don't want to learn karate but i really need a new belt 
how good are you at powerpoint ? i excel at it ! 
the iphone 8 probably won't even have a phone in it . 
i keep hearing this phrase a lot around here : echo chamber 
i'm currently preparing for a role it's a cinnamon roll . 
which bird ran for president ? h . ross parrot 
how do your trigger a sjw ? oops . 
god , i hate homeless people they make no cents ... 
well , here goes nothing ... 
my child's first name is going to be look 
i don't try to be awesome , awesome tries to be me . 
e - cigs are fedoras for your mouth 
even the stick figure woman on my wife's back window has a headache . 
i would really appreciate it if everyone great would stop dying 
how do you annoy someone from r jokes ? deleted 
died twice today screw you daylight savings 
dad , what is your favorite music genre ? elevator music 
why do hutus hate dustin hoffman ? he impersonated a tootsie . 
when life teaches you a lesson make lessonade ! im tired 
margins : they're so edgy . 
this post is nsfw jim brought a sword into the office . 
brigadier popcorn was recently demoted . he is a colonel now . 
what kind of fruit always has a wedding_ a cantaloupe ... . . 
hey girl , are you the final scene in the sopranos ? because 
never underestimate a woman's ability to make anything your fault . 
the latest research shows that ... research is pointless . 
riddle what's yellow and curved ? what's yellow and curved ? 
i tell women i can't open that jar because i have a headache . 
a farmer planted a crop of puns they were home groan . 
terrorism alert ! ! ! i'm gonna blow up the comments section 
april fools day is only for singles . the married have their anniversary . 
croquet is a great game if you have the balls for it . 
what is the dairy farmer's favorite exercise ? calf raises . 
my superpower is turning food and drink into larger pants . 
optimus prime runs on ac current he's a transformer 
my girlfriend has herpes now it's ourpes ... 
my awesomeness , is second only to my modesty ! 
why do texans duel at high noon ? they distrust clocks . 
how does a fencer earn their karma ? ripostes . 
a person died laughing ... this tale is told posthumously . 
clearly , there was once a dangerous alternative to safeway . 
bought a receiver for 99 . 75 yesterday got a quarter back 
i am suicide bomber ama wow this blew up fast . 
oc why couldn't the dragon breathe fire ? he had a cold 
what weighs 20 times a north korean ? kim jong un . 
what dog takes the money and runs fast ! a payhound ! 
what do the french call a bad thursday ? a tra - jeudi . 
what time did the man go to the dentist tooth hurt - y 
my swag dont stop cause my heelies keep rollin 
what spoils quicker than unrefridgerated meat ? the walking dead's facebook page . 
why did the horse stumble ? he was de - stable - ized . 
the kidzbop version of gangnam style is why terrorists hate us . 
do you file your nails ? i throw mine away . - dean martin 
toddler tech support : " did you try throwing it and crying ? " 
til that charlie sheen got hiv after doing two and a half men . 
why does my son deserve some reddit gold ? because he's autistic . 
i downloaded some hymns for my ipod new praylist . 
i'm writing a theatrical work on puns it's a play on words . 
i'll bet johnny depp is somewhere supercool right now , wearing 7 scarves . 
what's a skeleton's favorite dish ? spare ribs 
you can't change a person unless they wear adult diapers 
did you hear about that religious airline ? their prophets are soaring 
im tired of things costing money 
pitbullphobia : an extreme or irrational fear of singing alone . 
my safe word is antidisestablishmentarianism . don't worry . i never get laid . 
what does robbing a scotsman get you ? kilt 
hard tacos are just soft tacos from the street . 
why are fish good astronauts ? they love trouter space ! 
donated his brain to science before he was done using it . 
chasing tornados is fun until you catch one . 
mmm piece of candy what smells like candy and tastes like fish ? 
exam question : according to germany how much is greece worth ? 1 mark 
someone made a song about pokeballs it was pretty catchy 
why do sharks hate clowns ? they taste funny 
i think we should hear adeles boyfriends songs before we pick sides . 
hitler was't that bad of a guy he did kill hitler after all . 
a hurricane is going to hit the east coast ? are you joaquin ? 
what do you call a pig that murders baseball players ? babe ruthless 
i like my women like i like my scotch 12 - 14 years old 
what kind of music do they play at stonehenge ? hard rock . 
how does google clean their facilities ? they use google mops . 
gas is getting cheaper back in my day it cost two towers 
" you want to see a pig with three eyes ? " a piiig 
where does a wealthy lady reside ? a womansion 
what is kanye west's least favorite holiday ? easter 
why can't leopards hide ? because they are always spotted ! 
the crossed eyed teacher ... ... had trouble controling his pupils . 
set the bar low and watch people trip on it 
make it happen . " 
what up holmes ? watson 
old man first world problem i can't use a fleshlight without first using viagara 
which family in game of thrones fell down the stairs ? the bannisters 
quick poll : why'd you break up with me in high school alison 
a blind guy walks into a bar * * * thud * * * 
where do you buy pikmin from ? the oli - mart 
my left hand is dominant . sometimes it spanks my right one . 
my wife's resting in the garden . well , at rest . 
christmas tradition . 
what will i do when i die ? idk ! 
what is obama's least favourite instrument in an orchestra ? the trumppence 
falafel is a weird name cuz i actually falgreat every time i eat one 
my stainless steel appliances double as police style fingerprinting kits . 
i know how to get on a flight . thank you boarding school . 
what do you call a state named after highways ? road island . 
never judge a man till you've driven a mile with his wife . 
what was helen keller's dog's name ? uuuuuueeeeuuuuhhhh ! ! ! 
" imma let you spinach " - kanye ft . popeye 
what is heinz guderian's favorite song ? the blitzkrieg bop 
best funniest pickup line you used or heard 
what happened when jesus screwed around ? he got * nailed * . 
my favorite sport is jumping into conclusions 
" i feel your pane " - guy walking into your window . 
donald trump and the r jokes mods walk into a bar removed 
fails drug test . adds " positive " person to resume . 
zac effrons move flopped . because he was afraid of 138 
sports fad invented by pigs : mud wrestling . 
i intend to live forever . so far , so good . 
why doesn't spiderman like rice ? it reminds him of uncle ben . 
what ultimately decides your fate while you are driving ? your carma 
what's the shortest possible sentence in canadian english ? sorry , eh . 
i seemed to have lost all my vegetable puns i hope they turnip somewhere 
don't worry , i'm not like other girls * head slowly rotates 360 * 
my age is very inappropriate for my behavior . 
why is a doctor always calm ? he got a lot of patients 
i told my friends a udp joke but idk if they got it . 
scars are tattoos with better stories . 
what does an arab say after losing his virginity ? good goat ! 
what do you call a constable who is good at music ? copper . 
the invention of the wheel started a revolution 
how i met you're grammar 
how did trump win ? he trumped the opposition . it was hillaryious 
racism is 1 10 but it's 7 10 with tamir rice 
you'll never know what you want until someone says you can't have it . 
this joke isn't half bad ... it's two thirds bad : d 
i hate leaving when my phone isn't charged to 100 
i picked up a hitchhiker . you gotta when you hit them . 
why couldn't the mayonnaise kethup ? cuz he musturd . 
what's the key to finding love ? rohypnol 
what do ghosts order at the bar ? sam - boo ! - ca 
before wallmart existed you had to buy a ticket to see the circus . 
i'm 23 years old truly in my prime 
you're so ugly ... . even the tide wouldn't take you out 
what's more dangerous than being with a fool ? fooling with a bee ! 
my furnace broke down on me . so i'm having a housewarming party . 
why was the smurf's hat blue ? cus it was sad . 
what do you call it when your diarrhea finally goes away ? gonorrhea . 
your mother's so fat ... she listens to jimmy buffet . 
why can't monday get a girlfriend ? because it always comes to fast 
how does a coat steal something ? they jacket 
i became a banker . then i lost interest . 
bed wetters let it go straight to voicemail when nature calls . 
i hate control freaks . they never listen to me . 
when three or four natives gather together ... there's usually a fifth . 
what's the most popular internet meme in china ? ayy lmao 
what is james bonds code name when he is abroad ? 4407 
what is tumblr's least favourite show ? ncis 
roses are grey , violets are grey ... i am color blind . : 
" wetalian ! " - multiple italians 
we are the animals that forgot we were animals 
if life was easy it would be called ... your mom . 
if trump played pokemon go he'd probably catch'em all and transfer them away . 
how are the houston rockets just like metapod ? all they've got is harden 
where do sikhs buy clothes ? turban outfitters 
what did anna freud let her underwear show ? it was a freudian slip 
* embraces diversity * diversity : " i have a boyfriend " 
my grandpa used to say " don't do drugs just sell them " 
what's a zergling's favourite newspaper ? the guardian . 
what do rednecks call the batf ? the bureau of all things fine . 
what is a racist's favorite seafood dish ? klu klux klam 
where do dock workers like to shop ? crate and barrel . 
what do you call a laughing mayonnaise ? lmayo ahh 
i now have more electronic screens in my life than friends . 
start every day off with a smile and get it over with . 
let me drink about it and get back to you . 
this joke is an oxymoron it's unfunny . 
why i dislike german sausages . they are the wurst . 
that toilet owes me five dollars i just gave it a foot long . 
my girlfriend likes golden meteor showers i have kidney stones 
what does a crook see with ? burglarize 
did you hear about the recent earthquake research ? the information is groundbreaking 
diet tip : eat all your meals in front of a industrial fan 
this is a tylenol conversation . so you can aleve . 
the way i see it , every friday is good friday . . 
i hate people who use stereotypes ... they're usually hypocrites . 
i go to a muscular dystrophy support group . we meet weakly . 
crossfit is the healthiest way to get rid of your friends . 
i got into lucid dreaming recently its everything i imagined it to be . 
australian politics 
it's not my fault that i'm lazy . it walks in the family . 
i just hit a smart car and now it's my hood ornament . 
never believe minotaurs ... half of everything they say is bull . 
what's the name of the pokemon that causes birth defects ? zikachu 
what did jay z call his girlfriend when they were dating ? a feyonce 
why are pigs such great football fans ? they're always rooting . 
* meteor is about to hit earth * earth : i have a boyfriend 
what do you call a show full of lions ? the mane event ! 
why doesn't dubai screen the flintstones ? because abu dhabi doooo . 
worried that adele's next album might be delayed if she discovers pinterest . 
one potato . two potato . three potato . vodka . 
what does cpa stand for ? can't produce anything 
my first post in this sub . here goes nothing ... 
he said i was average - but he was just being mean . 
" brace yourself . " - lazy orthodontist 
what's peyton manning's favorite hair style ? the blowout 
what do pirates use to copy files ? yarrrrrsync ! 
people say i'm disagreeable they're all wrong 
what idiot called it british conjoined twins and not chapstick ? 
why is there only one monopolies commission ? 
my bike wheel really surprised me the other day . it spoke 
what's a barista in france's favorite workout ? a french press 
have you heard the story when the idiot said no ? 
doctor i have a ringing in my ears . don't answer ! 
that one about the three helium atoms is pretty funny . hehehe 
a hard thing about a business is minding your own . 
what do you get when you merge revenge with grey's anatomy ? graysonatomy . 
what's green , sticky and smells like eucalyptus ? koala vomit 
my electric toothbrush broke so now i have to use my acoustic one 
the region of qatar that hasn't been electrified yet is called acoustic qatar . 
my friend keeps hiding disney films in my lunch . i'm fed up . 
wanna hear a good one liner ? 1 dimension 
how do jockeys stay on their horses ? jockey straps . 
what kind of car do ghosts drive ? boogatti ! 
what made the cable guy late ? there was a cord - eal 
my wife came home from work crying yesterday and asked me to console her 
in mexico , the kkk is known as the what what what . 
i'm so hungry that i can eat a centaur 
i'm gonna open a bar and call it " moderation . " 
hitler favorite price ? nein neinty nein ! 
what sound does a doorbell make in china ? ping pong . 
commercial for floors is this you ? footage of man falling endlessly to oblivion 
area man gains z axis , becomes volume man , won't stop yelling 
" laughter is the best medicine " - doctor who failed med school 
50 cent declares bankrupcy ... he hasnt got a dollar to his name 
what are homeless ducks always asking for ? a lil bit of quack 
why is it called the 18th hole and not the final fore 
what is long hard and makes you cry . your cell mate 
what's it called when jesus walks across the street ? a cross walk 
why don't arab women need insurance ? because they are already covered . 
if only politicians kept their campaign promises ... like harrelson keeps his rampart . 
why does reddit hate pilipinos ? everybody hates pilipinos . 
what's a nature philosopher's favorite rap song ? thoreau some mo 
what should be serena william's nickname ? tennis - ee williams 
i thought i had a twitter crush but his wife thought otherwise 
what is michael j . fox's favourite beverage ? a vanilla shake 
was einstein's theory good ? relatively . 
i sir ender declare war on ... wait wait we surrender 
all russian babies are born inside slightly larger babies . 
what do you call an innovation in scissors ? cutting - edge technology 
what did the guitar and banjo name their daughter ? amanda lynn 
what kind of bat hangs upside - down ? an acrobat . 
why don't you buy ukrainian underwear ? because cher - nob'll fall out 
sweatpants are the uniform of eating ice cream . 
my subaru wasn't working . how awd . 
i like girls in high heels they're always on there toes whacka , whacka 
i need a bed that pops me out like a toaster . 
* gets bitten * becomes shy shy 
well - behaved is past tense for me . 
for all of us singles out there ... happy ballantine's day ! ! 
it'd be ironic if deaf people hung out in heards . 
never trust an anti - aging lotion that has an expiry date . 
masturbation 
i just took the garbage out . in 3d . 
what's gray , disappointing , and in the shape of an oval ? 
i've always pictured myself taking selfies . 
what is asia's favourite sitcom ? everybody loves ramen . 
my gpa is underwater i guess you could say it's below c - level 
social life ? you mean my phone ? 
i experienced a bad date september 11 , 2001 
you know who's full of themselves narcissistic cannibals 
my friend stopped taking steroids recently ... it wasn't working out for him . 
what is a businessman's favorite game ? call of duty : economic warfare 
i haven't slept in days i've been sleeping at night . 
what is satan's favorite headset ? s810 . 
women can't seem to resist my charms . what ? they're magically delicious . 
when i integrate i don't add the constant i guess i have my limits 
why is a coin factory so logical ? because it makes cents . 
what two letters do you say when you answer the phone ? lo 
seems like hello kitty should be a brand of condoms . 
don't forget to insult random strangers on the internet today , morons . 3 
did you hear nickleback became a footbal team ? they're called quarterback now 
what bird ? which bird symbolizes love ? swallow . 
my signature move is signing a piece of paper . 
yo mama is so ghetto her wedding dress was a tall - t 
i hope death is a woman that way it will never come to me 
i haven't seen anyone in a yellow jersey this disgraced since lance armstrong . 
my fiancee is like a good joke short and sweet 
why did the acid perform poorly ? because it didn't concentrate . 
so a politician dies ... ha ! 
technically , ears can be " love handles " too . 
charlie sheen is like ash ketchum bebecause they both catch things 
my garden statue called in sick today he has gnome - onia . 
what do you call someone who talks on their phone during dinner ? cellfcentered 
unlike drugs , twitter addiction won't cost you anything , except your social life 
anidiot clicks hah , you just clicked , " an idiot clicks " 
why is six uncomfortable around seven ? because seven times seven was odd 
i've been thinking about you ... owl night long . 
wanna freak people out ? lick your fingertips when you finish pumping gas . 
weekend plans : - solitude - cheese 
the act of questioning can be intimidating . isn't it ? 
i took this guys order at work last night . it was delicious . 
what is a cardiologists favorite wine vena cava 
funny jokes testdfdfdfdfdfd 
how does rex reclaim make his music ? he composts it 
if shakespeare was a pun master then he would make a play on words 
like if you believe in god . remember he saw you reading this . 
father's day was probably an awkward day in the jesus household 
everybody lies , but it doesn't matter since nobody listens . 
irony just an alloy of fe and yttrium 
in which sub does op deliver most often ? r babybumps 
elephant how can you lift an elephant with one hand ? 
i found a sub for ethiopian food . . r ethiopianfood 
what is the favorite sports team at the twin towers ? the jets 
what's wolverine's favorite candy bar ? snikters 
dating tip : men always remember the woman who vomited on them . 
where do they make contentment ? at the satis - factory . 
i would totally support the development of a 14 - year after pill . 
what person adds best in hot weather ? a summer . 
my wife left me over my pasta fetish i'm feeling cannelloni right now 
kids , just because i don't care doesn't mean i'm not listening . 
you know what was lit ? the freedom bus . 
miley y u no party in other country ? 
what is a physicist's favorite cookie ? sig - fig newtons 
a woman's cleavage tells you the amount and type of attention she needs . 
in bed they call me snickers ... ... because i always satisfy ! 
what is the toughest religion to get into ? the difficult . 
what do you call a paraplegic runner ? a boston marathon victim . 
hey , same - height couples . you're weird . everyone thinks so . 
it's impossible for a woman to say i'm not overreacting without screaming . 
how does a fetus like it's amniotic fluid ? at womb temperature ! 
pizza is a good argument against nihilism . 
why couldn't the blonde make icecubes ? because she lost the recipe . 
weed is better than beer because with weed the ugly chick stays ugly . 
what's the length of the world's smalest possible sea creature a planckton unit 
pulleys are the rednecks of the gear world no teeth 
my family leaves lights on that i didn't even know we had . 
is your name malaysian airlines ? cause baby , i'm lost in you . 
why is it that arms tell the funniest jokes ? because they are humerus 
i keep a banana in my bathroom it's for scale . 
where did the salami go on holiday ? costa deli - sol 
welfare is like diabetes if momma had it , her babies probably will too 
my time machine and i go way back 
a woman visits reddit ... 
what did descartes say while shopping online ? i think therefore i amazon 
i saw a lizard and it became a spotted lizard 
funny how things change with time , i used to hate spankings . . 
what did the giant say after he ate tonga ? i want samoa ! 
ever hear about the shampoo shortage in jamaica ? it was dreadful . 
you might be a redditor if you clicked . 
i don't drink amp drive i pull over . 
i always learn from mistakes of others , who took my advice . 
why wasn't cinderella good at sports ? because her coach was a pumpkin 
if batman left church early ... would it be a christian bale ? 
we all make mistakes ... especially your parents ! 
umbrage is like regular brage , but um ... 
* throws caution to the wind * * gets covered in caution * 
whats that smell ? auschwitz . 
what would you do ? geanostra 
i just saw a pregnant woman i'd like to make double - pregnant . 
well it seems everyone's so up in arms about gun control these days . 
i'm not gaining weight . i'm losing wavelength 
god hates a coward ! ... he ain't to fond of idiots either 
i was trying to get a top comment on reddit ... but i blueit 
* wakes up * nooooooo 
sometimes you just have to go with the flow . menstruational tweet 
car insurance companies got it right don't date women under 25 ! 
why can't you trust snakes ? they speak with forked tongues ! 
what did the organic chemist use tinder for ? carbon dating . 
why did negan watch arrested development ? someone told him there were two lucilles 
single beds should date more . 
what did gandhi fight for ? nothing , he was against violence . 
jackson pollock - great painter piss poor pictionary partner 
what's in the middle of girls legs ? their knee . 
where do rabbits go after their wedding ? on their bunnymoon . 
that gunk in your eyes when you wake up is dried ghost ejaculate . 
you know what my favorite armchair book is ? mein kampfy kouch 
what does mario use to talk to dead people ? a luigi board 
what's the buoyancy of an abortion ? rho * v * wade 
why wasn't the vampire working ? he was on his coffin break . 
how did people crash their vehicles before cellphones ? 
i'm playing chess against my gardener . your move , jesus . 
how does jared like to play his flute ? in a minor . 
your mother is such a whore ... groupon is sending me discount rates . 
hey you all 
justin and selena broke up ? nooooooooooooooooooobody cares . 
the idiots at nasa just hit jupiter with one of their fireworks 
try to think of a world without hypotheticals . you can't . 
to what branch of the military to babies belong ? the infantry . 
what does dj kahled say when he wants another taco ? another , juan 
why doesn't isis attack israel ? same reason children don't attack their parents ... 
every kiss begi ... k 
what's romeo and juliette's least favorite fruit ? cantelope 
of all my mistakes , you were the mistakiest 
what does captain kirk wear to the fitness center ? jim shorts . 
screw you recommended serving size . you don't know me . 
what do you call a rainy spelling bee ? alphabet soup . 
why did the australian pirate refuse lunch ? because he had somalia . 
friends are like trees they fall down when you hit them with an axe 
before social networking you could just completely forget someone existed , it ruled 
the name's bong . jay bong . agent 420 . weed . 
why is gravity so weak ? because it doesn't lift 
stephen hawking's favourite videogame ? flappy birds 
what is it called when a woman can't imagine having kids ? inconceivable . 
tifu by buying a cheap speaker system whoops , wrong sub 
what subject did the warlock major in at university ? fel - osophy 
how do german bread greet each other ? gluten tag ! 
websites never remember me : 
what's an astronaut's favorite dessert ? terra - miss - u 
if you really want to stick it to somebody ... use tape . 
what did the chicken say after laying an egg ? " oeuf ! " 
how thin do you have to be to go skinny dipping ? 
i made an original joke and it's not funny 
to keep things interesting in the bedroom , try bringing in a second laptop 
a website for religious potato chip lovers ... christian pringle . 
where can you buy nazi related items at the store ? aisle hitler 
hey mccloud ! get off of my ewe ! 
it was love at first sight . then i took a second look ! 
what's that one room zombies can never enter ? the living room 
cia finally succeeded in killing fidel castro using the innovative old age technique 
why couldn't shah rukh khan enter america ? ... because he wasn't an amirkhan 
i once met a redditor in europe . his username czechs out . 
did this many people have birthdays before facebook ? 
what did the doughnut say to the cop ? don't glaze me , bro 
how does harry potter like his sandwiches to be cut ? diagon alley 
i can't be bothered with trivial details . like facts . 
what was hitler's favorite weather pattern ? heil 
what's a jehovah's witness's favorite band ? the doors . 
a shipment of wigs has been stolen police are combing the area 
gandhi once got into a food fight ... it was naan violence . 
i do all the wrong things the right way . 
10 ways to cut down on clickbait ! does anyone know ? 
how'm i going to 80's montage myself out of this one ? 
what stars go to jail ? shooting stars . 
mohammad is a great name for a businessman it's all about the prophet . 
what's fuzzy , smokes , and comes in cubes ? fidel castro . 
i just ordered the wrong meat it was a misteak 
what is it called when a heavy gambler goes on vacation ? paradice ... 
your gene pool could use a little chlorine . 
what happens in vegas stays on facebook . 
what did the cow say under its breath ? utter . 
let's make this house party ... a * home * party . 
are you sitting on the f5 key ? because your backside is refreshing . 
sorry i didn't get your message because i deleted it without listening . 
what do you call the cleavage of someone with breast implants ? silicone valley 
if helium lifts things could you say it's a source of light ? 
what does the ghost like on his roast beef ? grave - y gravy 
hey baby do you shop at aldi ? cause you'll love aldi's nuts . 
friends are like condoms : they protect you when things get hard . 
in successful relationships , no one wears the pants . 
i wish there was a reality show where people learned grammar . 
your husband's super cute , is he single ? 
how much do dirty deeds cost again ? - malcolm young 
i test drove a kia today it wasn't really my forte 
some subs ... are not the op . 
would an australian wifi network ... ... be a lan down under ? 
what type of trees do chickens grow on ? poul - trees 
date like a boyscout leave em better than you found em . 
i was addicted to freezing poultry . i had to go cold turkey . 
i'm very good at hurdles in fact i hold the personal record 
* goes 100mph in prius * gets pulled over by police cop : how 
what does a oompa loompa rabbi have for breakfast ? orange juice 
megan with an h ? whatever hmegan ... . 
the average canadian couple says " sorry " 112 times in their wedding vows 
what's little , brown , and found in the woods ? winnies pooh . 
what do they call counter - strike in the middle east ? tuesday . 
if i want to bang an eskimo ... alaska 
its supposed to be drizzy today , so expect a lil wayne . 
i never admit or deny anything it makes things more interesting . 
why was tom cruise hired by volkswagen ? emission impossible 
who's angry in japan ? the director of life of pi . 
2010 kids wont get this ... standing in line 
chuck norris has to use a stunt double when he does crying scenes . 
coffee . not my cup of tea . 
what i learned from this subs the best joke always in the comments section 
ghost joke joke booooobies 
facebook really needs a " pee on someone's wall " option . 
she got her good looks from her father . he's a plastic surgeon . 
what do you say to a motivated ghost ? that's the spirit ! 
girls read smiles and the gap in your teeth spell friendzone 
ignorance is a palindrome 
i broke up with my wife we had to be put back together 
why did the vampire use mouthwash ? because he had bat breath 
what did the pirate say to the other pirate ? don't touch my booty 
i have an awful lot of shampoo and conditioner for a single bald dude 
why did hillary go to the gynecologist ? she was feelin the bern ! 
why do turkeys always gobble ? they haven't been taught good table manners ! 
chuck norris can slam a revolving door . 
why are the cops in ferguson steelers fans ? bullet train ! 
why can't you shop in the uae ? there's nothing dubai . 
what does a cow produce when an earthquake occurs milkshake 
i don't normally pisses off anyone on reddit . but when i do deleted 
one time , helen keller fell down a well she screamed her hands off 
what does a noodle say after praying ? ramen 
why don't vampires like steak ? because it's bad for their heart . 
my girlfriend got d for christmas from her math teacher . 
* walks into a five guys * did the five guys ever kiss 
bloody fedex ... i've been waiting all day for my punchline 
updates status . . no one comments . updates status again . 
i lay my girls like i lay my bricks with cement . 
what rhymes with left and means steal ? theft 
what do you call a jamaican teacher at hogwarts ? de mentor . 
in gaza strip ... ... kykes gas you ! 
why did napoleon wear sleeves ? for his armies 
i'm very anti - slavery , but boy do i hate laundry . 
hey - zigzag - what causes dry eyes ? ducts out of water ... 
me : i just broke a nail . webmd : finger cancer . 
what do you call detroit's trash ? detroitus 
how do tree surgeons live ? life on the hedge ! 
every birthday is a surprise party after you turn 80 . 
i'm scared of trampolines they make me jump ! 
saddam hussein is full of shiite . 
a battery is like a loner they're both not included in anything 
i asked for soundproof walls my mom also got me a straight jacket 
i finally got around to watching dr strange it was about time 
my company has a nicotine like addiction to conference calls . 
is it me or is it tired in here ? hahahahaahaa 
i've got a joke about jonesville but the punchline is too long . 
what do baby pythons play with ? rattle - snakes . 
dettol went to germany now its called any . 
no one ever smells their finger because it smells good . 
those weren't raisinets : a mouse tale 
why does snape teach options and not herbology ? his lily died 
selling an improved autocorrect ? shut up and take my monkey . 
what part of a heavy metal show involves bad jokes . smosh pits . 
hey symphonies , play the main part we like more . 
why do elephants have big ears ? because noddy won't pay the ransom ! 
worried sick about america's billionaires , you guys 
why do bees have sticky hair ? beacuse of the honey combs ! 
what's the best part of a woman ? between 18 and 24 yrs 
bpmovies 20 , 000 leaks under the sea . 
the dumb blonde quiz 
why didn't the monk's clothes fit properly ? because he was cohabiting . 
" be strong " i whisper to my coffee . 
breaking news : overworked janitor sweeps the nation . 
stop , drop , and roll : a beginners guide to bowling 
her : i love you . me : i love youtube . 
oc what do you call helen keller punching someone ? senseless violence . 
why doctorates are better then mbbs , the pee hd 
give me fuel give me fire give me milk that's not expired 
what is the favorite school topic of karma whores ? derivatives 
who runs the 100 acre wood website ? www . innie the pooh . 
i dented my ford focus and now it's blurry . 
veni , vd , vici i came , i caught , i cankered 
what do you call a picture of simon pegg's brother ? jpeg 
i recently went to israel the showers and trains didn't work . 
what did one volcano call the other volcano ? an ash - hole . 
i finally figured out why i look so bad in pictures it's my face 
why did the spacex rocket explode ? because i don't love you anymore . 
forgive me , for i have sinned . same time tomorrow ? 
my eyes are brown with tiny flecks of narcissism . 
what is the famous martial art of israel ? jiu - jitsu 
a guy tries to stab me " at least buy me dinner first " 
why did the koala bear get a job ? he was koalified 
accidentally picked up two traffic cones instead of my children again 
stablehand : wanna hear a funny joke ? horse : neigh ! 
how do we know burgers love young people ? they're pro - teen ! 
why did north korea lose internet ? because they switched to comcast . 
why are archaeologists so proud of their study ? their work is always groundbreaking 
what's the difference between starlings and swallows ? your mum doesn't starlings . 
you are dark and handsome when it's dark , you are handsome . 
how did the snowman get happy ? the snowblower came around 
after decades of advertising , all we want is to feel authentic desire 
but how come tarzan didn't have a beard ? 
where do sad ukrainians go ? crimea river . 
did you hear about the patriots ? i personally think it's all overblown . 
i love engaging with brands on the internet ! 
isis is stuck between iraq and a hard place . 
what is the job of a gentleman pimp ? to tally - hos ! 
only true feminists will get this offended 
every zoo is a petting zoo if you're brave enough . 
a politician in an ancient civilization ... he'll only just babble on . 
he drank the entire bottle of olive oil ? olive it . 
spanish people feed their horses hay , but the naughty ones get george . 
pluto its self ex - planetary 
doesn't the president pardon a turkish jet every thanksgiving ? 
there should be a morning after pill for supreme court decisions . 
if al gore started a math rock band it should be called algorhythm 
the fbi announce hillary's indictment on april fools 
which state has the highest suicide rate ? the islamic state . 
let me know when you're off your man - period ! ! ! 
where do safari animals buy their groceries ? from the supermeerkat 
you laugh at the burrito in my purse , until you get hungry . 
what do u call a native guy with one leg not even 
why does kim jong un love books because he's the glorious reader 
babies are like polaroid pictures . they develop quicker when you shake them . 
" alexander's not so great " - younger brother , steve the ok 
bioluminescent fry said to have a bright future 
my other palindrome is a kayak . - racecar bumper sticker 
how do you know if you are drowning in milk ? if it's pasturize 
i hope my children have crippling ocd because free housekeeping would be sweet . 
guess why because . 
what do you call a sandstorm that won't go away ? da rude sandstorm 
buying muhammed dolls for charity , all prophets go to kids in need . 
a handshake means something completely different to a cannibal . 
lost and confused in an helicopter 
why are et's eyes so big ? he got the phone bill 
what kind of dog did jesus own a holy shih - tzu 
congratulations to steve jobs for being cancer free for 1 year ! 
what letter never satisfies it's wife ? the quick e 
who invented rhetorical questions ? how should i know ? 
why won't the honeydew marry the watermelon ? because they cantaloupe . . 
you guys stole those words from the dictionary . 
ababbaaaabbabbbbabababababbbaaabababbabaaaba ... . long time no c 
what's hitler's favorite music genre ? reich and roll 
if two vegans have an argument ... is it still considered beef ? 
the truth about cardiovascular health ! 
i love being a pessimist . i'm either always right or pleasantly surprised . 
what kind of cake did noah enjoy ? mabul cake . 
if you read stressed backward it's desserts ... coincidence ? : 
what do women call men under 6 inches ? friends . 
why didn't ahmadinejad have a beer ? he wasn't in the mahmoud . 
condoms are like rules ... ... they're made to be be broken . 
i'm ambivalent about mongolian literature . it has its prose and khans . 
life is a suicide mission . 
there are two ways of arguing with a woman and neither one works . 
healthy cereal feels a lot like dressy sweatpants . 
what happens to all vertibird pilots ? they fallout 
help i lost my coat ! i hope someone didn't jacket ! 
there's only one group of people dumb enough to believe in astrology ... scorpios 
this is by far the most pointless tweet ever . 
i finally had to tell the dog he was adopted . 
how early do i need to start thawing the cat for thanksgiving ? 
why are gluten - free children so healthy ? because they're not inbred . 
the universe contains protons , neutrons , electrons and morons . 
what is better than getting a n64 on christmas ? getting a n64 now 
dreaming you're peeing can be a very dangerous dream . 
every " seinfeld " plot would have been solved by a cellphone . 
what did bacon say to tomato ? lettuce get together ! 
what does mozart put on his front lawn ? metrognomes 
don't go to zombie nightclubs ... they're always dead . 
just got a diamond ring for my girlfriend fair trade if you ask me 
islamist humor planes blowin up on a tuesday 
i need all zombie jokes you know , reddit . 
how did the manicurist feel after her salon was robbed ? defiled . 
why can't a feminist shoot a gun ? they can't handle the triggers . 
i used to think paramedics were ghost doctors . 
i love breasts ! it's the best part of the birds . 
annual " how to avoid array overflowing " seminar will be held at febuary'29 
i laughed in r funny 
why is dj khaled so good at music ? he loves major keys . 
twitter is the new flypaper . 
end of the week by gladys friday 
where can you dance in california ? san frandisco . 
how to curse like an irishman " whale oil beef hooked ! " 
plumber ditches wife plumber ditches his wife . " its over - flo " 
what kind of breath freshener does george clinton use ? parlia - mints 
do indian restaurants have any bread ? nah , they have naan . 
why did the smackhead kick the habit ? he didn't like nuns . 
i'm not fat just short for my weight 
what did the cat say when the delivery man was leaving ? purolator . 
don't get me started on trigonometry ... i'll go on a tangent . 
dark humor why is suicide illegal ? destruction of government property . 
how do you reference your local humane society on twitter ? " " 
i likes my liver like i likes my twitter . over capacity . 
at a wedding " so , ya come here often ? " 
i slept through the alarm this morning luckily it wasn't a big fire 
pudding . hahahahaha ! 
* tries to get a life . life : i have a girlfriend . 
my doctor says i can't have french bread anymore . what a pain . 
feminists who get easily triggered ... need to just man up . 
business idea souvernir shops in abortion clinics - so noone leaves empty handed 
okay , who stopped the payment on my reality check ? 
what's the riddler's favourite beverage ? obscuri - tea . 
why do they call it ejaculate ... when it's usually early ? 
wanna hear my favorite 4 20 joke ? heh ... what ? 
i have a photographer's memory or is it photographic ? i always forget . 
be nice to a nerd . prevent a supervillain . 
how do librarians file melted marshmallows ? according to the gooey decimal system . 
ram diljale janakpur 
she's so wrinkled , her mother was a shar pei . 
press " three " for spanish , and press " fo " for ebonics 
" expecto me to be there " harry potter rsvping to a party 
nothing like a left handshake to make me wonder why you're weird . 
a piece of advice never play leapfrog with a unicorn . 
i should of studied harder in english . 
what happens when you eat fireworks ? your hair comes out in bangs . 
antique shop owners in the middle east have one rule dubreak , dubai . 
what's below the pyrenees ? a pair of ankles 
jim apple finds introducing himself very problematic when holidaying in france . 
i didn't know angels could fly so low . 
chef ethan is in the house * yeeeeaahhhhh boyyyyyyyy * 
what is the only word that a redneck will capitalise ? punishment . 
beginning magic by beatrix star 
me : i've brought you a house - warming present eskimo : you idiot 
how did the canadian win the hockey game ? he took stehreroids 
what is green and eats nuts ? syphilis 
what if donald trump has secretly been banksy the entire time 
why did h kill itself ? because the g - had ! 
what are a plumbers least favorite kind of shoe ? clogs . 
do you that thing about german people ? there himmel ist blau . 
a is for apple - hester pryne 
did you hear the submarine construction business closed down ? shame they went under 
if you lose your hearing , ... is it ear replaceable ? 
people say i'm quite contrarian . but i disagree . 
the nsa doesn't monitor your browsing chuck norris listens to your key strokes . 
why don't gangsters play quidditch ? they always just kill the snitch . 
my mating call in winter is just me shaving my legs . 
hot singles have migrated away from your area due to climate change 
" my heart mustard go on " - celine dijon 
do i have any jokes about sodium ? na 
why doesn't pacman use twitter ? he doesn't like being followed . 
what's the leading cause of violence in america ? volkswagen beetles . 
very proud i've never once screamed " woo ! " at anything . 
what does ramen and ketchup taste like together ? poverty . 
i silently mocked one of the greek islands today i was discrete . 
what kind of foods do arthritic cannibals love to eat ? finger foods ... 
what is the favorite number of french potheads ? 80 
* leaves a " beautiful eyes " comment on all your leg selfies 
my least favorite racist joke donald trump 
procrastinator's club ... . ... meets tomorrow 
what's the top song by the vietnamese beatles ? rice fields forever . 
another reason i find children so menacing are their tiny little teeth . 
why was mary's phone bill so high ? she was a roamin catholic . 
i stopped leaning against walls because i couldn't trust the establishment ... 
tifu : by approaching a feminist . 
why can't jesus roller skate ? because he's naild to a cross . 
clickbaits seem so obvious ... just like this one . 
bet you didn't notice the the word the has been said twice . 
don't just upgrade windows 8 up - upgrade it . 
when i hear billy joel i want to kick the nearest nut sackackackackack 
* releases frozen turkey back into the ocean 
so some guys were hanged ... . 
bruce willis overdosed on viagra before comitting suicide he died hard 
i don't drink water , unless it's been through a brewery first . 
according to my family tree i'm the sap . 
why couldn't the ex - cia agent leave russia ? because he was snowden 
does anyone know any herbal remedies for worthlessness ? 
have you ever heard of the exhausted frog ? he was out of bounds 
what can bring out your inner child ? a coathanger . 
i wonder is gordon lightfoot heavy handed ? 
what do windows feel when they get hurt ? pane ! 
i blame everything on the illuminati . stale bread ? illuminati . 
why the dwarves surf in the kitchen ? because it has microwaves 
what's the best part of being an abortion doctor ? the free lunch . 
what do you call an sti in your nose ? sniff - illis 
jokes on reddit are like children you delete the ones that don't succeed . 
where did donald trump go for dinner last night ? rubio tuesdays 
wanna hear a girlfriend joke ? nah , you won't get it 
pirate corn : 12 dozen 
what's a shopaholic's favourite boy band ? nsync 
what person shows you around a mental hospital ? tour - ettes : 
after i cook the vegetables , what do i do with the wheelchairs ? 
the most annoying part of reddit is removed 
do you want me to write good jokes ? good jokes 
some lemons just handed me a life . 
it's always an ungodly hour for atheists . 
i wouldn't be caught dead with a necropheliac . 
why did the rabbi stop buying beer ? hebrewed his own 
which way did the programmer go ? he went data way . 
their seems like their are a lot of unfinished jokes going around ... gotcha 
three politicians go to heaven . no , seriously , it could happen . 
yo mamas so stupid she got lost in a telephone booth . 
wet wipes are tissues who like to party . 
two men walks into a bar knock , knock 
yo mamma so fat she blocked everyone on facebook 
the very worst std you can get is probably kids . 
you can lead narcissus to water ... 
how did the burglar get into the house ? intruder window 
i'm not being rude , you're just insignificant . 
what's the difference between men and government bonds ? bonds mature . 
my uncle paul does great bird impressions , he eats worms . 
oh , you fell in love ? ! i fell in my bathtub . 
men spend more time smelling their clothes than they do cleaning them . 
* flips table * yo who called them expiration dates instead of spoiler alerts 
west virginians are like burgers . they're always inbred . 
what do you call a stoner balancing his checkbook ? high finance ! 
my guardian angel deserves a raise 
why did the ghost get in the elevator ? to raise his spirits 
" hold the mayo " is my " shaken , not stirred . " 
auto correct makes me say things i didn't nintendo . 
ignores the worlds evils oh wow this is a lot easier 
i'm not scratching my balls i'm petting my crabs 
i try not to beat my meat ... but sometimes it's hard though 
7 billion people , 14 billion faces . 
what has wings , but cannot fly . a dead bird . 
did you hear about the scottish drag queen ? he wore pants . 
i can't count how many times i failed maths at school . 
republicans seek to re - brand poverty as a lifestyle choice . 
what is the most breathless thing on television ? the pink panter show ! 
what was hiroshima's code name in world war 2 ? target practice . 
what happened to all the people that said yolo they all died 
if you try to fail and succeed which have you done ? 
gmail chucknorris . com 
what does the dead comedian cook with ? deadpan 
what is a cow's favorite bob seger song ? night moooves . sorry ... 
a man overdosed on viagra his wife took it very hard 
what do dothraki use to count their horses ? a khalculator 
who ever said time cannot be bought ? i bought some thyme yesterday . 
what's a pirate's favorite bomb ? the tsarrr bomba . 
what's rolf harris favourite chord ? a minor 
why is the dyslexic afraid of christmas ? because that's when satan comes . 
who does polyphemus hate more than odysseus ? nobody . 
what was the russian mohel's name ? borris kutchyakockoff 
how can numbers be real if our i's aren't real 
who was the first female commodore ? the commodore amiga . 
what does a panda ghost eat ? bam - boo ! 
i told my vodka about you . 
chuck norris actually built the stairway to heaven . 
why don't suicide bombers bathe ? because they are preparing a stink bomb 
hires skywriter i don't overreact 
did you hear jesus won all the swimming events ? he walked it . 
i want to start a kosher hotdog company and call it anne franks ... 
i don't like my computer memory . not one bit . 
follow your dreams except for that one where you're naked at work . 
what eats everything ? an om - nomnivore 
i don't care how old i am , i will see finding dory . 
when chuck norris makes a burrito , its main ingredient is real toes . 
need to build an ark ? i noah man ... 
wise people think all they say , fools say all they think . 
i just love that new pope smell . 
lady gaga is easily the scariest of all the muppets . 
what's it called when a priest is always late ? collared people's time 
what's the most useless thing ever ? anne frank's drum kit . 
i am so hot my mother calls me sun . 
honestly they're going to announce world war 2s before they announce world war 3 
having a favorite politician is like a homeless guy having a favorite can . 
donald trump always looks like he's just opened a really hot oven . 
my poem to you roses are 0xff0000 violets are 0x0000ff return success 
what do dads say when they see someone peeing ? european . 
why do all polish names end in ski ? they can't spell toboggan ! 
my girlfriend cheated on me i told her to leave the game . 
what do ghosts use for lube ? rectoplasm ... 
it's not condescending if they're stupid . 
hey can i call you back in like 6 weeks ? 
life ho to asi ho warna na ho sometext missing ... lolx 
where did the witch get her furniture ? from the ideal gnome exhibition ! 
i gave up viagra it was hard at first ... 
there's a metal band that plays while on soapy water . slipknot 
a man walks into a bar that doesn't make cent 
the long walk home by miss d . buss 
how did tom brady's feel after losing to the broncos ? deflated 
a little poetry never killed anybody . but haiku keeps trying . 
what do call a potato that knows martial arts ? jacket chan 
i am proud to endorse podiums that's a product i can stand behind 
my license to kill was revoked due to abuse of power . 
an amp was driving down the street until it rear - anded me . 
my girlfriend cheated on me . she damn near broke my back . 
how do you call a spiritually significant polish guy ? totem pole . 
what's high in the middle and round on both ends ? ohio . 
what did terrorist say to my friend jack ? hi jack ! 
if you feel like procrastinating ... ... just do it tomorrow instead . 
if i swallow magnets will it make me attractive ? 
did you hear about the soldier with 8 limbs ? he was army 
never trust a fortune teller buying more than 1 lottery ticket . 
i hate going to 3rd period chemistry it's such a bohr . 
what did the grizzly bear study at college ? he was an ursa major 
ebola jokes ... its all about the execution : 
my new book i wrote on poltergeists is flying off the shelves . 
this cold weather makes me half the man i used to be . 
how do christians eat their icecream ? they catholick it . 
* puts on mistletoe hat * * casually walks by you multiple times * 
a joke that never stops giving ... . your mom . 
so a deaf girl hit on me today ... it was a sign 
what is cole's law ? thinly sliced cabbage with mayonnaise 
why did jared stop eating subway ? nsfw because now he prefers cheese pizza 
what's an idealist vegetarian's favorite meal ? peas and hominy 
sorry , this joke's a repeat . . i'll show myself out 
what's an emo's favorite ice cream flavor ? noose tracks 
yo mama nose so big that her neck broke from the weight ! 
what did one bruise say to the other ? have a swell day 
9 11 called . they want their building back . 
reducing air pollution isn't an easy task , it's emission . 
january 1 , 1990 go change it . 
what does a redditor do at prom ? he looks for the punchline 
sorry i said your mom's beef stroganoff was stroganawful . 
what's the worst thing to read in braille ? don't touch this . 
my friend spent 4 years in jail for something he didn't do run . 
i love being a mosquito ... people always clap when i'm around ! 
ethiopian kid won't get this ... old 
i don't always drink ... . what were we talking about again ? 
where are new starcraft players born ? in the noobula 
finding nemo . grilling nemo . eating nemo . 
when the drugs talk to you ... ... you have too many left 
a grenade isin't the only thing i'd catch for you bby . : 
went to my daughters netball match this weekend what a semi 
what did the french baker ghost said ? boo ! langerieeee ! 
don't argui with r jokes ... there's too many ri - postes . 
i have an epileptic friend ... he's a jerk ... 
cheese is plural because you never eat just one chee 
stephen harper 
statistically , 9 out of 10 people ... ... repost . 
there's two fish in a tank ! ! ! 
who's irish and sleeps on your porch ? paddy o'fu rniture ! 
photographing bigfoot is ... no small feat . 
did you hear caitlyn jenner got a new cat ? it's a rottweiler . 
maybe zombies just have shampoo in their eyes . 
how do you make a whiskey sour ? crush it's hopes and dreams . 
what is the smallest book in history ? french war victories . 
i couldn't use my phone at the funeral it was a dead zone 
after a long day , i feel like a bicycle because i'm too tired 
what is the big hairy thing between napoleon's legs ? his horse marengo 
i missed my cake day yesterday . here's a joke . my life . 
why should you use six hooks on your fishing line ? efishancy ! 
how did the chickens dance at the christmas party ? chick to chick ! 
i love looking at oranges , they are just so appealing 
did you hear about the pessimistic german vegetarian ? he feared the wurst 
how does a ninja shop for groceries ? no one knows . 
i don't eat some foods . - vagueans 
hitlers gonna hitl 
why was christopher never in the same place ? because he's always walken 
wanna know who i netflix and chilled with ? 
this is how clickbait works . 
what girl's name is like a letter ? kay k . 
church a very enthusiastic book club . 
what flower loves to be in the sun ? sunflower . 
do frenchmen like slides ? oooooooouuuuuuuuuuuiiiiiiiiiii ! 
as an introvert , i love my wife . * wifi 
what is the highest point in israel ? mountain dew . 
i like a good dark joke , because a bad one isn't funny . 
what's every spider's dream job ? a web designer . 
if my cat smoked weed it would be meowi wowee 
my credit card is like a fat persons scale it's maxed out 
what foreplay does the praying mantis girlfriend enjoys ? being given head . 
i have never turned down an offer to smell something 
i was trying to find my flying drone then it hit me 
where would you find percy miller's toothbrush ? in his master p room . 
wuts 9 10 twenny wun 
why can't horses fix merry go rounds ? they'd be terrified 
my only goal in life is to be immortal so far , so good 
which fruit can never get married ? melons , because they can'te lope . 
why did the white girl die of alkalosis ? because she was too basic 
what building has the most stories ? a library . 
today marks 365 days of sobriety . 364 more to go 
the worst part of eating vegetables getting them out the wheelchair 
i used to live in oklahoma ... it was ok 
what country makes the most milk ? nepal 
tolkein in puns is a very bad hobbit . 
me ... lazy ? don't get me started ! 
have you ever played ad soraka ? it's bananas ! 
yo mama's so stupid she ordered a cheeseburger without the cheese . 
santa's elves are just a bunch of subordinate clauses . 
news flash : vandals destroy street signs they pulled out all the stops 
that went swimmingly and i can't swim . 
what's isis favourite meal ? turkey ! its the bomb ! 
chuck norris once round - house kicked a salesman . over the phone . 
madonna goes on her arse , to much material girl . . 
what can't a man with no arms break ? his fall . 
which two letters are rotten for your teeth ? d k 
how to annoy isis call them daesh 
why are there so many jumpshots in the wnba ? because women can't drive 
my " it's cold outside " post just went viral on facebook . 
how does sean connery wash his dishes ? like a bosch ! 
forget the wheel ... . ... jesus take my final ! 
why doesn't sweden export it's cattle ? it wants to keep it's stockholm ! 
describe yourself in 3 words i am a rebel 
is there a shorter word for monosyllabic ? credit : stephen wright 
who is the most cowardly knight in all the land ? sir ender 
how did the psychiatrist break his leg ? he had a freudian slip . 
" seed faith " televangelists 
third time's a charm ... is a much darker phrase in germany 
hey gurl , how about you make the patriots and deflate these balls . 
the bible is an attempt to mansplain our existence 
nerdy geekyt jokes 
it's not abuse if the substance likes it . 
fat people . you can't run , but you can't hide either . 
so , you're telling me my credit score should have three digits ? 
i couldn't get past first base with the native girl she had her reservations 
i tossed my friend sierra a can of pop sierra mist 
baby you're so cute you made my page 404 . 
a message from a canadian to all americans out there . . i'm sorry 
what is a roman wrestlers favorite meal ? john cena 
jail isn't supposed to be fun why do they get bunk beds ? 
what does a hippy tell you when you ask them to leave ? namaste 
chuck norris doesn't flush , he scares the crap out of it . 
the gun range is great practice for being attacked by a paper target . 
nutella . a delicious mix of nuts and umbrellas . 
facebook should change its name to acquaintance birthday reminder 
dis earing letters ? there's an app for that . 
whose fault is it that california always has earthquakes ? san andreas fault . 
why do chemists enjoy working with ammonia ? because it's pretty basic stuff . 
what do afghan stoners smoke ? hindu kush 
how does king arthur take his pills ? an african or european swallow 
what was david bowie's last hit ? probably morphine 
alice in wonderland taught me to drink things that i'm unsure of 
how can you make seven even ? take away the letter s . 
i haven't used algebra in 3x - q years 
how do you get milk from a witch's cat ? steal her saucer . 
hey joseph , why you stalin ? 
my biological clock is wheezing . 
i hope " citibank " is better at math than spelling . 
i'm sad because i don't have an xbox . someone console me . 
the gender neutral term for sugar daddy is glucose guardian 
why does the baker bake ? because he kneads the dough . 
to make a delicious omlette ... you must be an eggspert . 
baby , let's configure our hard drives in master and slave position . 
what's better than chrisopher walken ? ted danson . 
why don't the circus lions eat the clowns ? they taste funny ! 
items that are made from velcro ... are such a rip - off . 
how do make a kia twice as valuable ? fill up the tank 
me : i have no friends my bed : wow i'm like right here 
reddit jokes section is not racist . 
alexa , take down my christmas decorations . 
what animals talk on the telephone the most ? the yakety - yaks ! 
cats really hate dryers . however , patches has never looked this fluffy 
based on my calculations i can retire about 5 years after i die . 
why aren't snowmen called snow women ? because they're in the kitchen melting . 
a toothless budgie will always achieve his goals because they always succeed 
bowser is a job creator and the largest employer in the mushroom kingdom 
" size does matter " , i whisper to my double stuffed oreos . 
what is father christmas's tax status ? elf - employed . 
sorry i interrupted your wedding dance with a much much better dance 
malaysian food is the best ! because it goes down easily 
how do you send a dog to space ? laika boss . 
the creator of predictive text died today his funfair is next monkey 
when men say " i'm fine " they actually mean it . weirdos . 
everything becomes 100 times louder when you're trying not to wake someone up . 
whoever named the diaper did a lot better than whoever named sweatshirts . 
offensive old enough to count ... old enough to mount 
what do you call a vampire ophthalmologist ? count drocular 
cows should really stop putting " delicious " on their resumes . 
don't apologize because you haven't tweeted in a while . no one cared . 
what kind of tie does a pig wear ? pig's tie ! 
i think armless persons are the best you've gotta hand it to them . 
nobel peace prize i would kill for one of those 
want to hear a funny abortion joke ? sorry , couldn't conceive one . 
pretty sure my baby thinks the number after 10 is yay . 
apparently i've switched to a mobile carrier named " searching ... " 
lpt : when googling " grandfather clock " don't forget the l . 
what did hitler call his favorite piece of furniture ? mein kampfy chair 
for maximum attention , nothing beats a good mistake . 
why don't people name their kids napoleon ? it's too complex 
i just tinder matched with a block of cheese . 
what does a snail riding on a turtles back say ? wwweeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
" it's complicated " relationship status someone cheated but we signed a lease . 
i was beating a mouse then it clicked . 
santa is never lonely he has many deer friends 
postcard from a blonde : having a wonderful time . where am i ? 
women who build walls around yourselves , please consider putting in a gloryhole . 
who's an all male rock group that doesn't sing ? mount rushmore . 
why was lil wayne tired after programming ? he did too much coding . 
have you heard about prince oxygen ? he is heir to the throne . 
politically correct joke 
what's a statistician's favorite form of art ? data - ism 
women v s men 
can i ask you two questions ? ok , what's the second one ? 
being with you is like listening to golf on the radio . 
why does the ocean have water ? because the sky is * blue * 
i exaggerate too much . my whole life is a hyperbole . 
it's 2010 , why oh why must my laundry still be segregated ? 
what does a german say at a dude ranch ? audi . 
i am a proud member of the cbc short for canadians against dyslexia 
what do you get if you drink too much gin ? a double gin 
he may have a nice car but i have a fast sleigh 
what kind of coffee do terrorists hate ? french press . too soon ? 
what would jesus say if you angered him ? " i'm crossed . " 
no sweetie , mommy's not drinking vodka again . this is potato water . 
there's a ghost in the house ! call dr . boo ! 
what kind of birds go to church every sunday ? birds of pray 
i put a load in the dishwasher she swallowed . 
censorship removed 
what was the best thing before sliced bread ? 
people who don't understand sarcasm are awesome . 
what do british nuclear engineers eat ? fission chips . 
jokeexplainbot 
a man walked into a bar i thought he would have seen it . 
the only indie movie i like is raiders of the lost ark 
no , you're a nary tract infection 
the shortest hunter joke two hunters go by a bar 
i bet usher shows everyone to their seats at his concerts . 
double leg amputees are the worst ... ... i can't stand them 
spanish fireman has twin boys , he names them jose and hose b 
what was the geologists favorite musical genere ? rock 
what should the packers call their cheerleaders ? green baes 
what is round and looks like a stone . a stone . 
im half scotch . and i dont mean scottish . 
america elected donald trump and we're going toupee for it 
in tesla motors you ... don't drive car , car drives you . 
y'kn ow , the kkk actually do have some good points on their hats 
spread me apart , lick , enjoy my cream ! oreos , you pervs 
pokemon go goes live in canada today you idiots . 
the best way to make people remember you ? borrow money from them 
what happens to donkeys in the winter ? they change into brrrrrro's . 
what do roman doctors call i . v . s ? fours 
the ironic thing about americans making fun of canada is iowa . 
according to chemists , alcohol is a solution ... 
so the other day this guy almost died because of removed 
the ultimate comfort food : a blanket made out of grilled cheese sandwiches . 
r creepy i mean seriously , one was just an open door . 
why did the console gamer cross the road to render the other side 
how do sceptics introduce themselves ? " i don't believe we've met ... " 
what ship will never set sail for op ? 
why wouldn't the man dance ? his pants had no ballroom . 
everything is made in china except babies . they're made in va - chinas 
" wanna solve a meat puzzle ? " is a good pickup line 
how do you make a good movie better add adam sandler 
carpet fitting by walter wall 
banks are like girlfriends ... ... they just want all your money . 
lemonaid what kind of juice do you get from sick lemons ? lemonaids 
stop making child molestation jokes it's a really touchy subject 
a million dollar idea : diapers for birds . 
the twin towers is the best lotr movie in the franchise 
here's a joke about the reddit admins . deleted 
some people around here retweet like it's coming out of their booze allowance . 
my psychic is a talented blind woman . she has a fifth sense . 
what do you say when german secret police is bugging you ? gestahpo ! 
what did the coma patient win ? a - trophy . 
me : a wise man once said ... wife : stop quoting yourself ! 
how did maxwell greet ampere ? good faraday to you , sir ! 
my autobiography would just be a really long taco bell receipt . 
so that's what " tiger blood " means ! 
bush vows to stabilise us economy 
i hate buying from cannibals it always costs an arm and a leg . 
setup punchline . 
i joined a forum for people with down syndrome . comments are disabled . 
why couldn't the two testes be friends ? because of the vas deferens . 
what kind of cheese do metalheads eat ? brieeeeeeeeeeee . i hate myself 
__________________________________________ just drawing the line somewhere on r jokes 
i've got a great joke for you all ! runescape 3 . 
a frog jumped higher than a building ... ... because buildings can't jump . 
do not open . please . i like you , you little rebel . 
batman 1989 : an orphan fights a clown 
marilyn monroe sure got smart four decades after she died . 
my internet connection is just like my ex - girlfriend unstable 
i am a bank robber ... i took a pen from the teller 
what is kanye's favorite transformer ? bruce jenner 
i'm a carbie girl in a barbie world . 
babe are you a new software update ? because not now . 
duck jokes really quack me up . 
how do you explain a man birthing a baby ? taco bell for lunch 
what's the name of the hogwarts professor that has an sti ? syphilis snape 
what's sean connery's favorite sport and when does he play it ? tennish 
what if sharks hug with their mouths ? just sayin . 
ice is a lot like girls they both get wet when you eat them 
america's immigration problems are over . who'd want to live here ? 
i identify with sleeping ... yeah , i'm a nap - kin . 
mandela dead at 95 . respect . that's 5mph faster than paul walker . 
where did the amino acid go to church ? the cysteine chapel . 
i'm certain my job is interfering with my drinking 
what do goats do on election day ? voat . co 
dark chocolate tastes like chocolate that started doing crossfit . 
let me put things into perspective for you . persp things ective 
what is the chemical composition of banana ? barium disodium 
met a hot waitress at a seafood restaurant . she gave me crabs . 
there is a disturbing amount of product placement in my dreams . 
what do you call someone obsessed with france a ouiaboo 
what do you call a crappy business man ? an entre " manure " 
which famous pop duo were the best at delivering cereal ? haulin oates 
simple cure for childhood obesity : ice cream trucks that don't stop . 
what brand of pen does lance armstrong use ? uni - ball 
obesity cures wrinkles . 
i'm only drinking two beers . because i have self control and two beers 
what did the homeowner say to the fruit growing gardener ? water me lawn 
my girlfriend is like a lawnmower ... everyone is asking to borrow her . 
i feel like tampax at a good place , but wrong time ... 
what do you call rubber bumpers on yachts ? shark absorbers ! 
the inuits don't deal with your crap , because they're having nunavut . 
i lost my job at the orange juice factory they said i couldn't concentrate 
what is a king's favourite piece of golf equipment ? his royal tee 
osama bin laden was really smart he created airdrop before apple did 
what do you do to an elephant with three balls ? walk him . 
in europe it's called fruit by the 1 3rd of a meter . 
masturbation : it * comes in hand * y . 
how many cow - lories does a cheeseburger have ? moo many ... 
100 million years ago there were no creationists . 
the dutch have invented a continuously - airborne plane . it never lands . 
what's got six legs and can fly long distances ? three swallows ! 
a french man asks ... " do you even lift , breaux ? " 
a magician is walking down the street he turns into a store 
i like my girls like han from star wars with a hairy wookie . 
things the gop has battled this week : 1 . ethics 2 . intelligence 
why did jesus leave the dance floor ? because it was hammertime 
archimedes law of bathing when your body immersed in water , the phone rings 
i saw a man drinking brake fluid . but then he stopped . 
how do reptilians melt steel beams ? thermite . 
i wouldn't say my neighbourhood's been gentrified but it's been demilitarised 
what's the fastest to have george zimmerman pull a gun on you ? 
i bet firemen " super - bidet " each other when they're bored . 
the punished schoolboy by major bumsaw 
do zombies rule ? of corpse they do ! 
what are eight small pieces of cookie the equivalent of ? one byte 
think training raptors is tough ? imagine dragons . 
facebook , where a bathroom shot of a duckface is considered hot 
what do you call an esa engineer serving the comet lander ? philae minion 
i hope none of these haystacks are sharing needles . 
why is bruce wayne's hair messed up ? because of his cowlick . 
" how about know " - existentialist teen 
russia will eat turkey for thanksgiving this year . 
greatest pun joke coming in three . . two . . pun 
if two cannibals fight does that make it a food fight ? 
what can give you life , but also kill you ? your father ... 
never trust someone who runs for " fun . " 
mental illness isn't a disease ... ... it's all in the mind . 
* destroys head of lettuce * * becomes new ruler of all lettuces * 
why did macdonald's ban tumblr ? because they don't serve trans - fats . 
what do you call someone with lots of imaginary friends ? schizofriendic 
give weeds an inch ... and they'll take a yard . 
one of the wheelchair basketball team players has been tested positive for wd40 : 
what's a sea serpent's favourite meal ? fish and ships ! 
since you guys like clean jokes , here is one . 
what type of wind is named after a young deer ? foehn 
how do you spell socks in spanish ? eso si que es . 
still not sure how to throw away a pizza box . 
what do you call four bullfighters in quicksand ? quatro sinko 
teenage mutant african mammals lionardo giraffael rhinotello michelantelope 
you know what's a big ripoff ? velcro 
i married a moonshiners daughter now she makes me liquor 
no , your incapable of properly employing the second - person possessive pronoun . 
some people make remarks about my dandruff . i just brush it off . 
sorry i mispronounced your baby's name you made up . 
i'd say he was spineless . yes about as spineless as cooked spaghetti . 
spoiler alert : your 97 nissan sentra doesn't need one . 
you you * * your existence * * lol jk 
tiger woods : cool name , scary place 
what did hamlet say to his cat ? get thee to a nyanery ! 
why are powerpuff girls sad ? nsfw because they neither have boyfriends nor fingers 
my rapper name would be " iffy scent " 
a woman never wakes up her second baby just to see it smile . 
everyone's an atheist until they're making a phone call praying it goes to voicemail 
what rhymes with " hug me " ? chutney . 
god is a sock he saves your sole 
why did god bless texas ? he didn't want to upset chuck norris . 
what do crossfitters call their trainers ? fairy wod - mothers . 
you know what doesn't cry ? birth control 
how do you say bra in german ? dashud sthapem from flappen 
if i opened my gryffindor would you slytherin ? 
how do aliens pay for their coffees ? with starbucks ! 
happy national alienate several friends by calling one friend your best friend day . 
a good rule of thumb is it's opposable . 
what does a bum call a dumpster . a bed and breakfast . 
two latino men grab a basketball . it was juan on juan 
a business that sells crucifix shaped skis called cross country 
the bottom half of my legs are really interesting they're knee - toe 
so i went on r news today . . removed 
werewolves are notoriously hard to find ... otherwise they'd be known as therewolves . 
where does arnie sit at the movies ? aisle b - back . 
why do norwegians drive chevys ? they're afraid of drowning in a fjord . 
hangovers only happen to people who stop drinking . 
i only know bad chemistry jokes cause all the good ones argon 
i got a new job crushing cans ... it's so depressing ... 
it's before not b4 ... we don't speak bingo here ... 
what did the zucchini say when it got stepped on ? * squash * 
dirty thoughts ... the life of a gardener . 
how do poor people make it rain ? they don't . 
my colleague was fired for stealing printer cartridges he was caught magenta handed . 
where does an angry pirate get sent ? anchor management 
42 percent of statistics are made up ! 
ninety two percent of cross - eyed teachers have difficulty controlling their pupils . 
r u a sheep becus ur baaaaad 
what exercise does ned flanders do at the gym ? diddly squat 
before he started smoking cigarettes , coolio was just called io . 
what's frozen water and dangerous ? isis 
samsung but what did sam sing ? ! 
i store drugs right under my nose don't believe me ? check my stash 
what's blonde and intelligent ? a golden retriever 
here's a usps joke . nevermind , it was lost in transit . 
why is perfume so cheap ? because its only worth one scent ! 
til it's not possible to yawn while wearing earphones 
what is a brain dead couples favorite pizza ? veggie lovers 
whats the problem with feminist picnics ? none of them make the sandwiches . 
just hired a cat sitter to sit on my cat . 
pregnant removed 
" i'd hit that " - old people who drive 
lecturing my smoker friends on how cool they look 
a mongoose is just a goose who listens to reggae 
what kid blows you and gets you all wet ? el nino 
lil kim implies the existence of a larger kim 
2 peanuts are walking down the street one was asaulted 
why cant college students take exams at the zoo ? too many cheetahs 
son , i'm not a mad scientist , just a disappointed scientist . 
the difference between flute and piccolo flute's arms don't grow back . 
donald trump is running for president sadly i wish this was a joke . 
taken 9 2021 : she got married she's with her husband relax man 
how many birds can play tic - tac - toe ? toucan 
i'm taking a course where we learn about crackpots . it's called psychoceramics . 
the fact touche and douche don't rhyme bothers me . 
what did the poker dealer say to lmfao ? everyday i'm shufflin . 
imagine trying to explain captain america : civil war to abraham lincoln . 
if you get a bigger bed you have both more and less bedroom 
a drunken man speaks what a sober man thinks . 
the only thing standing between you and your dreams is insomnia . 
what's the best way to save on toilet paper ? slow your roll . 
: oscopy - how i abbreviate colonoscopy . 
three girls were waiting for their periods ... 
grad school : because it's better than saying " i'm still looking . " 
why does stevie wonder smile ? because he's better than you . 
necrophilia . . it puts the fun in funeral 
til the w in wnba dosen't stand for " worse " . 
i guess george lucas is not a scrabble fan . it's r1 d2 . 
theres one thing that you can't say on reddit : removed 
if you are an option , you are also an idiot 
what's next to moscow ? pa's cow . i'll show myself out ... 
am i the only person who's glad the olympics are finally over with ? 
what is captain hook's favorite kind of humor ? dead pan . 
what keeps the lions from leaving the savannah the ele - fence 
stds are like sweets ... . i enjoy giving them to little children 
maybe tomorrow i'll do that thing i said i'd do yesterday . 
how do all races end in the desert ? in a cacti ! 
best depiction of a dystopian past or future full of really attractive people newoscarcategories 
few women admit their age few men act it . 
how do you know google is a male ? because it knows everything . 
who's the artist you find in the supermarket ? salvador deli 
* pulls knife out of back * * selfies with it * 
you know stalin tried to invade scandinavia but he just couldn't finnish 
the most underused drug is birth control pills . 
rich people have rehab . poor people have jail . 
* follows dreams * dream doesn't follow back unfollows dream 
what is the only law that hillary obeys ? the law of gravity 
chuck norris erections hum . 
lurk i started a subreddit about lurking ... no one posted anything . 
escalator is what he - man's enemy is called in spain . 
melania trump's speech sorry guys this one's a repost 
were all addicted to something whats your addiction 
you know youre fifty when your chiropractor sends you birthday cards . 
why do managers like pizza ? it comes out of the box 
i wanted to be a communist . but my dad is too rich . 
how are baby androids born ? from their mother's computerus . 
getting a dog next week , i'm naming him peeve it's my pet peeve 
is it racist that i think all of tyler perry's movies look alike ? 
people say i'm a plagiarist their word , not mine 
emails from world leaders are streaming in to hillary clinton to console her deleted 
what do bears take at raves ? maully . 
i only support ghost hunting if you need the ghost for food . 
why did the spreadsheets get divorced ? they just couldn't sort things out . 
corduroy pillows ... . corduroy pillows are making headlines ! 
origin of dad jokes what and when was the very first dad joke ? 
my favorite criminal intent : robin hood camping . 
facebook is down , so don't say prayer doesn't work . 
extreme jesus died on the motocross 
what fruit do romeo and juliet eat ? cantelope 
why are mods the worst ? removed 
my fyi's are becoming tmi's . 
a magician's wife gives birth to a long series of brightly colored scarves 
why can , t you trust a atom because thay make up every thing 
i tried growing some thin fruit last month but there's been slim pickings . 
honk if you are possessed by the vengeful spirit of a goose 
i'm trying to give up ice cream . it's been a rocky road . 
why was the beaver mad because no one came to his damn party . 
nasa is planning another rover for mars in 2020 they should call it hindsight 
textbooks the podiatry textbook used footnotes while the proctology textbook used endnotes . 
q : what's the capital of afghanistan ? a : kaboom ! ! 
why does mowgli run away from shere khan ? islamophobia . 
what do call a nazi that takes bribes ? paid - off hitler ! 
marriage - some days are just tough i look forward to those 
what do nails like to do on the weekend ? get hammered . 
you know who really likes debates ? de fish 
well well well if it isn't my old nemesis , long division . 
how does father christmas get away with suing everyone ? the santa clause 
want to take a look at my benefit package ? 
what did pinnochio's girlfriend say when they were 69'in g ? lie to me 
what's dumber than a box of rocks ? the hippie carrying them around 
justin bieber's career died for your sins . 
lucky that guy in good will hunting liked apples . 
what happens when you combine alcohol and literature ? tequila mockingbird 
what do you call a people who serve in thailand ? thai fighters 
if anyone asks , we met at a bible study . 
i tried to walk into target but i missed . - mitch hedberg 
how does liam neeson like his martini ? taken , not stirred . 
i want to be a comedian but i'm afraid people will laugh at me 
umami so fat she gets mistaken for lipid 
baloney , baloney , baloney ... salami . 
why don't people raid dodo nests anymore ? because their eggs stinked ! 
your name must be coca cola , because you're so - da - licious 
ever wonder why african dating agencies are so successful ? the clients always click 
my gf lost 250 pounds . she dumped me . 
why do canadians prefer their jokes in hexidecimal ? because 7 8 9 a 
" oui ! ! " - french canadian on a water slide . 
" it's been months since i got laid . " - baby chickens 
what does a raven bring on an airplane ? a carri - on bag 
boss : are you high ? me watching him evaporate i hope so . 
i'm not usually too good at jokes but um ... tiss 
did you know that a stake through the heart kills humans too ? 
what's a blind man doing on a boat ? waiting for a bus . 
whats fred flintstones favorite drug ? crack rock . 
transjenner 
what's bill cosby's favorite part of the house ? the roof . 
heard there were some hot deals ... at the baltimore cvs . 
was chopping herbs and got some in my eye now im parsley sighted 
just how hairy was the person who invented a shampoo called head shoulders ? 
how do you prevent 9 11 ? make it a malaysian airlines flight . 
hey , redditors of cuba ... oh , my bad . 
how do you calculate the length of rosemary ? sprigonometry 
i found the cure for cancer deleted 
helen keller , what color is this dress ? arggglllaghhhhgaaaaa 
these dishwashers are getting too expensive my new one even demands a diamond ring 
why did obama cross pennsylvania ave ? 
what is snoop dogg's favorite restaurant ? sizzle - r 
my first child will be named new folder . 
what is the least attractive binary ionic compound ? iron ii oxide 
horton must be a first base coach ... since he hears a who . 
chuck norris can skeletize a cow in two minutes . 
what's the best iphone app for telling a kid he's adopted ? 
what pc does adele use ? a dell . 
" what ? " - pothead owl 
" i'm turning into my dad " - worst animorphs ever 
what's the scariest path ? the psychopath 
why are austalian grocery stores the best ? because of their koala tea 
hush little laptop dont you cry mommas gonna find you another wifi . 
nice try , self check out lanes . there's not even any mirrors . 
show me on your wallet where you would like me to touch you . 
nerd joke nicca say wat ? 
there's something strangely unsettling about the petting zoo selling hamburgers . 
what's the most overused joke nowadays ? donald trump 
what kind of stationary can't you defend yourself with ? a tack 
coworker : you're very immature . me : you're very observant . 
wakes up from a 15 year coma sweet , x files still goin strong 
friends are like motorcycles ... cause i wish i had a motorcycle 
one day , reddit's admin talked to mods 
who doesn't eat on thanksgiving ? a turkey because it is always stuffed . 
what's your least favorite joke format and why is it this one ? 
how do snails get their shells all shiny ? they use snail polish . 
what do vegetables that go to college do on the weekends ? they turnip 
what's snoop dogs favorite type of weather ? drizzle 
what laxative did the constipated man ask for ? poop - ease 
i came across jenny's number ! 867 - 5309 
what's yellow has long ears and grows on trees ? the easter bunana ! 
it's been 14 seconds why haven't you replied yet 
a man was masturbating in an airplane he was arrested for highjacking 
what do you call a zombie storm trooper ? an imperial walker 
how many nuns were at the library ? absolutely nun 
i've saved a ton of money on birthday cards by switching to facebook ! 
i just cancelled my gym membership it wasn't working out . 
if it screams , it's not food yet 
why is time wary of mathematicians ? they're always plotting against it . 
i took two headache tablets an hour ago ... still haven't got one . 
aging gracefully is like the nice way of saying you're slowly looking worse . 
donald trump's chief speechwriter is a random deck from cards against humanity . 
did you hear about chris brown's latest hit ? left hook . 
there's only one stereotype i like sony . 
how come peter pan keeps on flying ? because he neverlands 
understanding women is like ... smelling the color 3 . 
shut up eat . there are people starving in abercrombie fitch . 
what did they call ebola before the internet ? bola 
as an alzheimer's patient , this is my favorite joke on reddit 
after 4 months , i lost 270 pounds now she's my ex - wife 
how come nobody tells " nacho " jokes anymore ? they're too cheesy . 
i heard you guys like corny jokes i'll give you an ear full : 
you know what ? it's been a good friday . 
i am happy to report this vodka works . 
" maybe again but kind of bad ? " - sequels 
has anyone mastered the art of nonchalantly walking past a policeman ? 
what rhymes with freedom ? oil 
a man goes to the proctologist the doctor gave him a thumbs up . 
there is nothing more hypocritical than a buddhist saying , " yolo " 
justin bieber only pretends to retire on twitter , worst christmas ever . 
i bought a new thesaurus it's nothing to write house about 
the only nation i will ever rule is ... . procrastination . 
america where we celebrate memorial day with mattress sales . 
what's the best rock to sleep on ? bed rock 
ugh i have to write an autobiography ? ? story of my life . 
my favorite music genre is a refined form of rock ... metal 
2 hours into dieting omg i'm so lightheaded 
what is the most obvious caretaker ? it's a parent . 
what is miley cyrus's favorite color ? twerquoise 
i'm eating for two that's why i look like i'm pregnant 
i plagiarized a book about native americans ... i eventually got siouxed . 
ceimr thats " crime " but in alphabetical order organized crime 
what did president abe lincoln call his journal ? ... his lincoln logs 
if women do the splits , do men do the banana splits ? 
i tried tap dancing once ... ... i kept falling in the sink . 
going to youtube with your vpn set to germany on : 
" it's not the principle , it's the money . " spike milligan rip 
what does reddit say to the joker that doesn't have a punchline ? 
getting murdered please i have a sims family 
alarm clock that releases spiders ... now you're up . million dollar idea . 
do a little dance , make a little love , pay child support . 
what is shulk from xenoblade's favorite thing to type ? back slash ! 
jokes why did the ax go to jail 
what did the snowman order at macdonalds ? icerbergers with chilli sauce ! 
what's long , stiff and full of se a men ? maddie mccan 
what do numbers look like when they get divorced ? 96 
why did the dog chase the bulldozer ? it doesn't like cats . 
when you go to the dentist , reddit ... don't cheetohn your diet ! 
if captain america's shield is vibranium , then ... hawkeye's shield is quicksilver 
why couldn't cinderella play football very well ? her coach was a pumpkin 
what animal did they have in concentration camps ? dachau 
999 the devil's in the handstands . 
why is there no gambling in africa ? cuz there's too many cheetahs . 
to find out a girl's faults , praise her to her girlfriends . 
you know who i really hate ? people less open minded than me . 
you're so fat , you could sell shade . 
how do blondes brain cells die ? alone 
i just saw a picture of a duck posing and doing a dumbwhitegirlface . 
an accountant who disappears with all his client's money is a math magician . 
eating clocks is ... time consuming . sorry . 
what's gabe newell's favourite game ? angry nerds 
i love kit kats the most whenever there aren't three other people around . 
i am allergic to fire everytime i touch it i get burned 
solar powered watch free to collector this is not a wind up . 
i've survived enough awkward high - fives to know they're not worth the risk 
who the hell came up with prolly for probably ? 
* getting murdered * oh , wow , this is totally clearing my sinuses 
what famous painting do cows love to look at ? the moona lisa ! 
why is jesus christ so buff ? crossfit 
what goes " tick tock , woof woof " ? a watchdog . 
i'd jump in front of a gently tossed beach ball for you . 
we need more women in science ! said the feminist gender studies student ... 
is this math joke going to be bad ? paraboly 
i think people get married just to get likes on facebook . 
what's batman's favorite dessert ? just ice cream 
eye jokes aren't funny they're really cornea . 
with my luck , i'll die and get reincarnated as myself . 
the japenese way of death by harri kirri 
which historical invention was the most revolutionary ? the wheel : 
a wife in big doses is poison , in small doses medicine . 
why stop with two l's lloyd ? why ? 
everyone , stop making menstrual cycle jokes . period . 
when shall we meet again ? by miles apart 
true story my dad ate whale in japan but it wasn't on porpoise . 
why can't men be accountants ? because they don't understand periods 
i'm bad at math . the equation 2n 2n is 4n to me . 
a feminist walks into a bar just kidding she couldn't fit through the doorway 
i'd have a longer attention span if things weren't so shiny 
what do deviant nuns have ? big bad habits . 
life called : they're all out of lemons . it's over . 
what's mohammed , moses and noah's favourite dessert ? propheteroles 
what type of beer does a hemorrhoid enjoy ? pilesner 
have you guys heard my joke about elevators ? it's funny on multiple levels 
i just tried to follow tim howard on twitter ... i got blocked . 
what's a linking verb's favorite genre of music ? are amp be 
hey pepe hi my name is lyora 
what did the scottish epileptic boy get for christmas ? a wii fit 
i put my phone in airplane mode . worst . transformer . ever . 
why did the dog lose the lawsuit ? it was a shih - tzu 
what literary devices do butchers use ? meataphors . 
the nfl just got a new official sponsor . v8 
what's thor's favourite piece of clothing ? thunderpants 
auto correct can go straight to he'll 
minecraft : story mode nerdcubed did it better nearly half a decade sooner 
it would take a pretty stupid robot to replace me . 
sorry i used the word flaccid twice in your wedding toast . 
my wife is extremely pissed off at least my girlfriend understands 
why did the tsa hire a dentist ? to help with the cavity searches 
i took a vacation to a city in france . it was nice . 
what's the first step to throwing a space party ? you planet . 
what do bed detectives solve ? pillow cases 
" oh snap ! " - branches 
never date an olympic athelete they're all gold diggers 
my wife and i just renewed our vows of celibacy . 
what ghost is handy in the kitchen ? a recipe spook . 
what's another nickname for donald trump ? the annoying orange . 
in a blind taste test ... stevie wonder was delicious 
always look for the girl with the ponytail holder on her wrist . 
microwave minutes are longer than normal minutes . 
my cousin is a total audiophile ... he came as soon as he heard 
lucy in the sky with some splainin to do . 
what is donald trump's favourite song ? another brick in the wall 
what is a baseball dog ? one that chases fowls . 
i finally quit smoking because it was bad for my wealth . 
why dogs are called k9 ? because cats are k10 
what does a dog see in the mirror ? a chair 
it's not really murder if you're already dead to me . 
chuck norris can kill two stones with one bird . 
my level of maturity changes depending on who i'm with 
yes , autocorrect , i live you too . 
q what's worse than raining buckets ? a hailing taxis ! 
how does a physicist exercise ? by pumping ion ! 
the less you give a damn , the happier you will be . 
how much do drum shaped sofas cost ? 5 dollars per - cushion . 
why was the terrorist masturbating on the plane ? he was hijacking it . 
hash browns not tags . 
* whispers , spitters are for quitters . wine tasting , you pervs ! 
i'm a jack of all trades but a master of pun . 
a blonde joke you probably haven't heard for a while ... hillary clinton 
how do calculus students feel about undefined slopes in cartesian planes ? indifferential . 
my friend entered a poetry related pun contest . he stanza good chance . 
how jokeexplainbot spent his weekend ? explaining his wife . 
left - handed people can't do anything right . 
one of my favorite comedians bill 1 sec b 
why are old printers so musical ? because they are prone to jamming . 
shouldn't you be on top of the tree , angel ? 
just a reminder that parrots can talk . 
what kind of vegetable comes to all your parties ? a turnup 
tomato tomahato , potato potahto , pedestrian victim . who cares . 
spaghetti , because you didn't like that shirt anyways 
been dry for a while damn this cast itches . 
what is batman's favorite sport ? baseball . 
happy new year letter to mods aaeehnpprwyy 
what does an old woman's qwiffy taste life ? depends . 
it's hard to hate the devil when he makes such delicious cakes . 
which elf likes to click pictures ? selfie 
what's blue and has big ears ? an elephant at the north pole ! 
why ahmed made a clock ? to know when to blow up 
f - u - c - k tell her i said hi . 
what is yellow and eats beetles for a living ? yoko ono . 
you know what makes my blood boil ? temperatures above 100 degrees celsius . 
i'm always ready to go back to sleep 
i understand exponents to a degree 
they say not to covet which isn't too difficult as a kleptomaniac . 
what is a east indian child's favourite game ? hide and go sikh 
can i integrate myself with respect to you ? 
some call me an alcoholic , but i call myself an antisocial drinker 
blind people gotta hand it to them . 
* walks past german shepherd and nods * officer ... 
i'll need a weekend to recover from this weekend . 
mispronouncing french phrases can be a real social fox piss . 
why are computers in palestine really fast ? because they've got ramallah . 
what was tina turners pet name for ike ? beats me 
what type of music do lightning bolts listen to ? - rock and roll 
it's called wal - mart because the center for disease control was taken . 
what did chris christie give up for lent ? the us presidential campaign ! 
the mafia hired me to clean recently i was a maid man 
never treat a lady like an object it hates that 
i don't think a lion would play golf but a tiger wood 
breaking : clint eastwood visits the vatican to talk to the empty chair . 
where does a pencil sharpener keep its money ? in a shavings account . 
the even numbers said ... the odds are against us . 
am i deceitful ? yes . i am not . 
volcano glory hole for the gods 
making out with the pharmacist has its percocets ... 
funerals are like family reunions minus one 
what greek letter is always sad ? psi ... 
what do you call a comedian who couldn't make it ? pun intended . 
yo mama is so fat ... she might die from a cardiovascular disease 
i miss being a sperm . i wish life was simple again . 
i'm not above apologizing for my drunken behavior i'm just sick of repeating myself 
what's that there ? got you 
what does a sandal do on sunday's ? it saves its sole . 
what is a youtube heroes favorite comment ? removed 
what do mathematicians think about exponential functions ? they're radical . 
a robber went into a music store . everybody got down . 
the professor gave me a c on my latin exam ... aced it ! 
god making cheetahs let's just squish a giraffe and give it whiskers 
how to make her squirt : make sure she is a lime 
what would you call a woman who goes out with you ? desperate ! 
why is monica lewinsky so poor because she's always blowing bills 
i uploaded a video about viruses on youtube . . it went viral 8d 
tifu side down while on vacation in australia . oops - wrong sub ... 
do i like money ? 
what happened on reddit yesterday ? a pao - erful change 
its not pretty being easy . 
what do you call a booth babe at apple's events ? icandy 
yo mama so fat she gives herself group hugs ! 
alan rickman dies at the age of 69 that sure was a long fall 
got abs bro ? abs olutely . 
never share secrets with bank employees , they're all tellers . 
how dare you incinerate that i don't know big words . 
what did the urologist tell his newly accepted resident ? urine . 
* throws keys at nearest sober person * drive me home peasant 
how was jackie gleason put into his casket ? crammed in . 
how do you annoy people on reddit ? removed 
can't whistle ? that's okay ! we prefer hummers anyway ! 
i want so badly for crayons to taste like their color . 
why was skippy falsely imprisoned ? because it was a kangaroo court . 
what are people afraid of puns called ? homophonic i'm sorry ... 
i'm glad he's single because i'm going to climb that like a tree . 
why is robert pattison so pale ? there's no sunlight in the closet . 
... um ... . - the first cow ever milked 
my uncle once ejaculated on me glad i got that off my chest 
my grandfather died in auswitch ... he fell out of the guardtower 
what 8 - letter word has one letter in it ? envelope . 
rhodes scholars are book smart ... but road scholars are street smart . 
we call her skippy ... because she's so easy to spread . 
whats an african dad joke ? hi starving ! i'm dad ! 
why did hitler invade hungary ? because he can't resist a hungaryan : 
what joke would piss off any redditor ? update 1 : punchline removed . 
i used to have multiple personality disorder ... but now we don't ! 
" don't tell anyone " " tell 10 people you trust " right ? 
what do people in colorado eat on 3 14 15 ? pot pie . 
how do you kill a walrus ? tell him there's something on its chest 
your mother has terrible taste in children . 
i enjoy romantic scrolls up and down your timeline . 
where is the best place to buy computer software ? washington c . d 
brb , taking out the trash so i took out 9gag 
what is adam's brother called ? subtractem 
why did parking tickets increase after persephone was kidnapped ? demeter wasn't working . 
you know what i love about having kids ? not having them . 
what do you say upon hearing a bad halloween joke ? booooooo , booooooo 
myself . sometimes i get ahead of 
what's isis's favourite band ? koran koran . 
that whole ray rice elevator incident ... took him to the lowest level . 
jared should be okay in prison he is used to 6 inches . 
an original joke . sorry , wrong subreddit . 
it's a shame push - up bras don't work on iqs . 
how is a coke whore like a comet ? they're both dirty snowballs . 
what is the monkey that can't peel the banana ? terrible at cc 
what do books wear on a rainy day ? rain quotes 
what monster flies his kite in a rain storm ? benjamin frankenstein 
why do you never play hide amp seek with mountains ? mountains peak . 
i'm undecided about masturbation . on one hand it feels great - bo burnham 
i have the cutest bird in the world ... ... a jackd'aw ww . 
if ignorance is bliss , you must be the happiest person on earth . 
anyone know if flava flav survived the weekend's daylight savings switchover ? 
* pulls up to a red light with my windows down blasting npr * 
you know you're an optimist ... ... when your blood type is b 
i didn't choose the pervert life , the pervert life chose me . 
what kind of bike does hipster jesus ride ? a cruci - fixie . 
we are happily married she's happy , and i am married ! 
what professional hates going to the bar ? a lawyer 
if mcdonald's served hotdogs you could ask them to upsize your mcwiener 
guy - what's your sign ? me - stop 
wanna hear a minimalist joke ? what's the difference between oranges ? 
i love watching the wife sleep . not so much the husband . 
anyone know where i can get a waterproof recliner for my shower ? ? 
what's a metaphor ? winning the game tournament ! 
everybody has been reading about the fight today except floyd mayweather . 
sean connery and fat girl with a lisp meet in a bar 
how do terrorists like their apple pie ? allah mode . 
what do cannibals on a budget eat ? ramen . sound it out . 
the less you know , the more you think you do . 
error , no keyboard . press f1 to continue . 
my grades are getting better sike , that's the wrong subreddit 
what's a buddhist's favorite physics law ? om's law . 
blind people can drive ... just mostly into things . 
why don't vampires go to frat parties ? they're afraid of natural light 
it's not as exciting when you realize his name is actually harold potter 
where does santa's stripper mom work ? the north pole 
still hope to be part of a wordless briefcase exchange someday . 
everyone told me to follow the dreams so , i went back to bed 
why arent there any socialist entrepreneurs ? seriously i dont know ... . . 
jokes about the handicapped aren't funny . they're lame . 
i found isis's website ... it's the bomb dot com ! 
what do you call imitation vietnamese noodle soup ? faux . 
* pulls out pin * * throws fire extinguisher * 
what do we want ? no more interruptions ! when d now ! 
what's called smart annoying orange a knowing orange 
my new girlfriend is a sandwich artist and she's really into roll play 
what did the sailor say about pirates of the caribbean it's see - worthy 
what type of battery does the fonz use ? aaaa 
friend told me he buffed up without any protein shakes . no whey . 
i was looking for some camouflage trousers earlier ... but i couldn't find any 
how to foil someones plan pl an pa pn la ln 
her : " i'm romanian " . me : like the lettuce ? ! 
mike wazowski opens up a tattoo shop called monsters ink 
ever met the human version of a headache ? 
i have a problem with commitment never mind that joke is lame anyway 
* offers batman cough drops * 
what goes after foursome ? awesome ... 
chuck norris doesn't play god . playing is for children . 
what did sushi a say to sushi b wasa b ! 
cliffhangers i like cliffhangers , and i cannot 
oops . my brain just hit a bad sector . 
why did the redgaurd's toe hurt ? his hammerfell 
the words synonym and antonym are antonyms . well played , antonym . 
real 90s kids will recognize this ! - - - current unemployment . 
why are fish so smart ? they are always in schools ! 
did you hear about the stolen tesla ? i guess now it's an edison 
why was the little ant confused ? because his uncles are aunts . 
got involved in an alcohol - related pyramid scheme ... what a champaign . 
double cheeseburgers don't make you fat , eating them does . 
mein kampf es su kampf 
the west coast is so last year 
what does father christmas call his money ? iced lolly ? 
oh no i just accidentally did everything wrong all my life 
my browser history indicates true mental instability 
what if spider man has to stop a crime in the countryside 
i'm thinking of changing my name to attention so i can get paid 
who has the best k d ratio ? hitler . 
why do demons love apostrophes ? they show possession . 
it's hard to have a polaroid camera and not seem " kidnappy " . 
the spork is the hermaphrodite of utensils . 
what do you call street entertainers from the spirit world ? ghost buskers 
love the f word ... friday ! what were you thinking ? 
what is the american national day for vampires ? fangsgiving day . 
my favorite thing about myself is that i'm humble . 
why are they still playing christmas commercials ? me watching recorded tv shows 
please help ! i desperately need a joke about an irishman . 
i love using sign language it's a real hands - on experience . 
remember the bridge you drive over today was built by the lowest bidder . 
a man had an appointment at the sperm bank . he never came . 
attention r jokes ! will the real steven hawking please stand up ? 
what does a cheetah call usain bolt ? fast food 
where do you go when you're fly to death ? the terminal 
not to freak everybody out but my new desk calendar ends in 2012 
why was the tree stretching ? so it could be timber ! 
where do internet pirates get their loot ? from pier to pier . 
who does a hypocrite really hate ? a hypocrite ! 
what did missy elliot say to tony abbot ? is it worth it ? 
why is rust on a car orange ? because its true car - rot 
why do italians carry slices of turd in their wallets ? for identification . 
eli5 : why doesn't bmw install turn signals on their cars ? 
oedipus complex like father , like son ! 
why is vanilla ice scratching his head ? lice . lice , maybe . 
what do han and chewbacca use to communicate ? a wookiee talkie . 
what's gemma teller's favorite herb ? taragon 
what's a confederates favourite school festival ? the sumner fete . 
i want to be the area under your curves . 
finders , keepers i saw this cool mine selling shop in iraq . 
what's a blind person's least favorite theme park ? seaworld 
i served 2 years in iraq until they shut down the restaurant 
taco bell wouldn't be so popular if indoor plumbing didn't exist 
what is a southern aristocratic families favourite dance move ? the whip 
humpty dumpty had a great fall . his summer was ok . 
why are there flotation devices under plane seats instead of parachutes ? 
pepsi backwards ... is pep 
why was the tree in prison because it committed treeson 
i recently opened a suicide bomb store business is booming 
q's are just o's that got shanked . 
what website do emo kids use for business networking ? linkedin park 
why did the women's studies major go to college ? to study a broad 
why not just say you're feeling thargic , don't be all french about it 
rt if you are my car keys and i can't find you 
what are a priest's favourite symphony ... the ones that start with a minor 
what sound does a frog make while jacking off ? rubbit rubbit 
what's the definition of a wookiee ? someone who doesn't have any expewience 
awww ... - so you love me too ? ! ... kward 
your mother is like communism ... shared by everyone . 
what's the biggest joke of 2016 ? look a bit to the right . 
sleeping beauty is my favorite disney movie where the curse sounds amazing . 
why did tigger shoot pooh ? he had an itchy tigger finger ? 
did you hear about the wooden car ? wooden move 
good luck listening to 80's music without imagining my silhouette doing karate poses . 
draw me like one of your french fries . 
at the south pole by anne tarctic 
i bet the flintstones make those guys at peta furious . 
what size clothes do fortune tellers wear ? medium . 
winners don't do drugs ... it chaffs the willy . 
what did kim jong il call his kindle ? the dear reader . 
man i really hate calculus . it just derives me crazy 
when does an irish potato change nationality ? when it's french fried . 
i saw a turtle during a thunderstorm you could say he was shellshocked 
if you can read this , you're standing too close to my iphone ! 
there are going to be a lot of drunk mosquitos tonight . 
stupid people aren't flammable enough . 
why is six afraid of seven answer : because 789 
what is your favorite knick knock joke ? do tell . 
you are the joke ... . . yes seriously ! 
why didn't crab and lobster like to share ? they were both two shellfish 
i one the sandwich . 
tifu in a hot air balloon ... it was amazing . 
what do trees do in autumn ? take a leaf of absence . 
women who bleach their mustaches , clearly don't understand the problem with mustaches . 
what happened when the fat woman backed into the airplane propeller ? disaster . 
the miami dolphins ... . 
you could call today " christmas adam " because adam came before eve . 
what's the cure for world hunger ? food 
we the people we the people we the electoral college 
my love for shampoo is unconditioner . 
what for you call a motivated mannequin ? mannecan 
from the looks of your eyebrows , your shock collar must have malfunctioned . 
why are postal carriers the most masculine profession ? because they're male men 
does anyone want to buy a broken yo - yo ? no strings attached 
what's the fastest thing on land ? stevie wonder's speedboat . 
q : why are pirates so popular ? a : they just arrrr . 
women spend more time wondering what men are thinking than men spend thinking . 
whoreplacedmyspacebarwithaclappingemojiineedtofinishmypaperstonightpleasehelpme 
what's the reverse of a blindfold a burka 
what if god . israel ? 
in a parallel universe nobody can park . 
house for sale . spider on ceiling . 
my friend the scarecrow just got a promotion he was outstanding in his field 
it's hard to stop being depressed because gravity is always bringing me down . 
what's a comedian's favorite candy ? laffy taffy . 
what's sisyphus least favourite type of music ? rock and roll . 
what band does a wannabe join ? rock band for the xbox 360 
xbox exclusive games 
if you open pandora's box you better at least buy her dinner . 
somebody needs to figure out how to deep fry a salad . 
i'm sorry , i don't find you arousing . no hard feelings . 
that's about as useful as ... ... anne frank's drumkit . 
remember when white people rioted when oj was acquitted ? neither do i . 
i identify as a skywalker i guess you could call me anakin . 
what kind of chocolate swims in the ocean ? scubgodivas . 
why did the wise man get 25 to life ? myrrhder 
my dictionary got into an argument with my thesaurus . they had words . 
u have one 1 new dad . click here to accept todd . 
people are like a crayons the white ones are useless . 
who wrote " the tiger's revenge " ? claude balls 
when is the only time you're not american ? when european . 
i have a photographic memory it just hasn't developed yet 
" deodorant ? " - foreigners 
what do witches ring for in a hotel ? b - room service . 
" i gave that guys wife a pearl necklace " - oysters 
say , ernie , want some ice cream ? sherbert 
shoutout to beethoven ! 
being an ice cream delivery guy must be a cool job . 
chuck norris caught all pokemons . with nokia 3310 . 
* puts down phone * oh my god i have another hand ! 
stop supporting russian companies ! i hear they all use slav labor ! 
for every action there is an equal and opposite criticism . 
do you know how electricity works ? the truth may shock you . 
what's my favorite pirate workout and cereal ? captain crunch 
lol at people who " love seafood " but won't even eat a silverfish 
why can a cheetah not hide ? because it's always spotted . 
if rivers could speak , which river would always say no ? da nile 
what does a rotting corpse say ? idk 
how do you detach frogs leg you ribbit 
i'm not lazy i chose to use my creative genius on mastering efficiency 
what's a frat boy's favorite toy company ? hasbrah . 
if you've never seen bear grylls before ... urine for a treat 
the people in commercials care about me want to help . 
biggest lie in the word . i love wife 
this is why we're screwed . quotes in the word of your god . 
what part of a fish weighs the most ? it's scales ! 
i wanted to be a tailor . but i didn't suit the job . 
has anybody tried unplugging congress and then plugging it back in ? ? 
" my captors continue to taunt me with bizarre little dangling objects ... " 
do you know what the scientific name of viagra is ? mycoxafloppin . 
i thought the sea urchin was my friend but it was anemone . 
i find gardeners to be very nice people they're really down to earth . 
what is marlon brando's favorite beer ? stella ! 
my keyboard squeaks and so does my mouse . 
relatives - because sometimes you need reminding of your bad genes too 
what type of curry sets fire to the rain ? a - dhal 
what's a barber's favourite kind of holiday ? cruising on a clipper . 
i'm so pro - life , i believe life begins at erection . 
to those who want to join the conversation . don't . 
you can't put a price on slippery lemons . 
women - god's version of a rubik's cube . 
some doctors see private clients other doctors see their client's privates . 
where do burgers go to dance at the meatball u ! fookers ! 
donald trump dropped out ! ! april fools : 
i'm just like my couch 17 years old and i never pull out 
the big bang theory : god spoke and bang ! it happened . 
i like my women just like my beer . bound together with plastic . 
maybe a repost but still one of my favorites deleted 
how do i love thee ? let me count the ways ... five . 
what do guys like but are afraid of ? girls 
how to feed elephants by p . nutts 
facebook is developing a phone . and myspace is working on a telegram 
i got my head cut off removed 
this just in . my fingers . 
how do you cook a stoned ham ? 420f glaze it ok i'm leaving 
i have a joke susan boyle 
roses are red , violets are blue in soviet russia poem writes you 
50 cent has about 50 cents left 
for such a picky eater , i'm certainly not a picky weight gainer . 
the nfl these days hide yo kids , hide yo wife 
* moses opens tablet * you have ten unread commandments . 
why can't z generationers swim ? their phones would get wet . 
active shower gel because i have no idea what active smells like . 
i told my mom about caching . she said it sounds expensive . 
what did mike tyson call the groom with cold feet ? a puthy 
has anyone ever tried ethiopian food ? neither have they 
watching whitney houston's funeral was like watching every tyler perry movie at once 
if she's wong ... . she cant be white . 
do you know andy griffith's wife ? op's mom 
what's pretty and expensive but has no use ? leonardo dicaprio's oscar shelf . 
i bet ducks would love bananas if they knew about bananas . 
! 16 ugarup 2015 2015 ... 
op worked at a pizza restaurant op delivered pizza 
my wife did 70 chores around the house cooking and 69 . 
i am a unicorn hunter you don't see any unicorns around do you ? 
if kittens tasted like pizza i would totally be a cat person . 
it's autism awareness day just letting you all know 
i got two packs o sugar ... call me two canes i'm sorry . 
my girlfriend asked if i could play wonderwall . i said " maybe " 
what do you call an immigrant without green card that can't see illegally blind 
joke of the year . r politics 
what did the unskilled chef serve as a side dish ? mediokra 
i tried to watch the meteor shower last night i got called a pervert 
ucla opened a new campus coffee shop it's called " brewins " 
what do you call 2 fat people talking ? a heavy discussion 
* makes graveyard even scarier by carving all the tombstones into shark fins * 
judging by the tweets , you guys all lead really interesting lies 
where can you find scandinavia ? right next to printdinavia and copydinavia . 
i am a joke and my kid is the punch line 
bernie sanders 
chuck norris can run up a flight of stairs backwards . 
why did billy joel get acquitted ? because he didn't start the fire . 
wait , these are pistachios ? i've been calling them wood clams 
consult an audiophile before buying new headphones their reasoning is pretty sound 
memes http : imgur . com qe7lbx5 there 
a frog goes into a bank ... only to * robbit * . 
context is key she's so coy . is she part fish ? ! 
what's a ghost like to drink on the weekend ? booze kill me now 
i'm addicted to algebra i can't * * function * * without it ! 
my pillow has down syndrome . 
my friend is a german butcher he always tells me the wurst jokes . 
what's the food equivalent to rachel dolezal ? ... a hamburger . 
people on the internet are like people in overwatch they always take offence 
friends are like penguins if you stab it , it dies . 
taught a man how to buy fish . so much easier . 
if cats could talk , they'd probably yell " parkour " a lot . 
what does a fedora guy say on the singapore border ? m'la sia 
free beer tomorrow ! 
no , i dont have bad handwriting . i have my own font . 
what does the highest paid wnba player make ? sandwiches . 
how can there be self - help groups ? 
two guys stole a calendar they both got six months 
if i get kidnapped , i'll sing christmas songs until they hang themselves . 
what is whitney houston's best kind of coordination ? hand eyyyyyyyyyyyyyyeeeeee 
i'd consider myself an artistic fetishist i go hard in the paint . 
give 100 in everything you do except giving blood 
bangkok too soon ? 
i'm about 20 more confident when chewing gum . 
what does barack obama say when his workweek is done ? yes weekend 
what's kylo ren's favorite order of chemical reaction ? a first order reaction 
chuck norris once created a flamethrower by urinating into a lighter . 
marmite ... but paw may not . 
reddit i'm in a bit of a pickle . . and it taste great 
wanna hear a joke about blimps ? it'll never fly . 
be careful of egyptian sharks they can smell blood a nile away 
honestly , i just want to see the bot try to explain this . 
how you compliment an italian cheese maker ? " gouda worka " 
make like a programmer with good version control habits and git ! 
the social justice league doesn't have a batmobile they have a tumbler . 
a fish that goes against the current dies electrocuted 
if you're attacking a paraplegic convention ... are you harming unarmed citizens ? 
whats the most useless thing on a woman a drunken irishman 
what's the difference between linkedin and mcdonald's ? mcdonald's knows how to use salt 
biggie smalls always hated mediums . 
i was checking into a hotel the other week ... . . 
how do you pronounce " nihilism ? " it doesn't matter 
which cheese is made backwards ? edam ! kill me 
killing enemies give you xp but killing level 0 enemies is pointless . 
now my friends all hate me because i've been keeping my enemies closer . 
i lost a roomba in my apartment . don't ask me to babysit . 
is divorce spelled with one bottle of champagne or two ? 
women may not hit harder , but they hit lower . 
baby joke http : suryakanthi . info baby - jokes 
i'd like a job cleaning mirrors because it's something i can see myself doing 
what does a blond do every sunday ? swallow jesus . 
why do stoners spend so much money ? because they're high rollers 
happy 1 month anniversary to the 37 browser tabs i have open . 
chris christie is so fat , he plans on walking for president . 
congratulations to amy winehouse for being sober one year . 
boys , save your bottle caps trump just became president . 
what are feminists best at in mathematics ? trigger - nometry 
i came in like a lion and went out like a kitten . 
firemen keep harvesting my cat tree 
what is the height of hunger ? teeth marks on the toilet seat . 
oh , topical reference . you sure are about something . 
have you had a german hotdog ? they're the wurst 
do you know karate ? cause your body's kickin ! 
in the middle east you can't drink but you can get stoned for drinking 
computer dating is fine ... if you are a computer . 
a thing of booty is a joy foreva ... 
afroman was going to vote . but then he got high . . 
it's like 10 , 000 goons when all you need is a knight 
she changed her mind . . hope the new one works ! ! tf 
eyy gurl , r u part beaver ? ? ? cuz dam baby 
what happens on 420 in saudi arabia a lot of people get stoned 
why don't they have showers on airplanes ? because of the towel ban . 
what is bear grylls favourite web browser ? internet * explorer * ! 
what types of trees never get christmas presents ? knotty pines . 
what did king midas say to get peoples attention ? eh you ! ! 
what do you call a wolf once its found a there wolf 
the worst thing about browsing reddit is removed 
when snoop dogg fries bacon , he listens closely ... ... fo sizzle . 
there are only 3 types of redditors ... those that post , 
how does a carpenter effectively build stairs ? he thinks one step ahead 
my inability to proofread increases by 1000 after i press send . danmit 
i have to poop like the joker ... really , really bad . 
contrary to popular belief , chuck norris won super bowl 46 . by phone 
why does torque live on campus ? because cross products don't commute ! 
why is stephen hawking successful ? he can't run away from his responsibilities . 
what's in a name ? mainly , letters that make sounds . 
why do pigs like february 14th ? they get lots of valenswines . 
what is the coolest food on the planet ? burr - ito ! 
why do the amazons like sundays ? because there's no mail . male 
reddit's search function 
marriage is like fruit honeydew this , honeydew that ... 
worst profession for take your kid to work day : suicide bomber 
how much did the olympic games cost ? about a brazillion dollars . 
what did the hungry boss give his worker ? their celery ! 
why was the guitar teacher arrested ? because he fingered a minor . 
is it ok to use my am radio after noon ? 
why do lannisters hate turtles ? cause they can't stab them in the back 
just got a text from bill cosby " netflix and pill ? " 
* says grace before snorting a fat rail of cocaine * 
why were all roman buildings made of stone ? they crucified the carpenter . 
why shouldn't we talk about catholic priests ? it's a touchy subject . 
i artificially inseminated a cow this morning ! it's true ! no bull ! 
i'm only racist when i'm driving . 
i really like non - sequiters but i prefer irony . 
2016 is like if the state of florida became a year . 
the acronym nascar stands for : non - athletic sport centered around rednecks 
how do stick men play fetch with their dog ? 
what's the best fabric softener to use on a cat ? pounce ... 
women should come with permanent mood rings . 
best excuse for missing work the voices told me to clean the guns . 
when should you buy a bird ? when it's going cheep . 
why did the horror fan switch off cujo ? because he felt like it 
" just got my rejection letter from mensa " - idiots . 
an online dating service but to match you up with prospective burritos . 
i just read fahrenheit 451 . that book is lit . 
to use google efficiently , write like tarzan . " good tacos boston " 
russell crowe had an affair with meg ryan he's gladiator . 
yo mama so old she ran track with dinosaurs . 
what's a monsters favorite play ? romeo and ghouliet 
i'm more emotionally invested in this sandwich than i am in most humans . 
my problem is , i'm about 30 stud , and 70 muffin . 
steam greenlight 
what's better than going to westford academy ? going to westford high 
did you hear about the missing dalmatian ? it's been spotted . 
women are just like wine in my cave . 
if pro is the opposite of con , what's the opposite of progress . 
shawty : where's the naan brad lad : there's naan left ... 
broom advocates for cleaner work environment . 
i went to the store for some flatbread ... they had naan . 
blondes are dumb whores ... they all think less than equals three . 
what should you wear when drinking tea ? a tea - shirt . 
i've got 0 problems ... and math is one of them . 
hey yogurt , settle down with the commercials . you're yogurt ! 
what's a frog's favorite place on the internet . " reddit . " 
why do sjws like cancer ? because it doesn't discriminate . 
what's the most common " last words " ? allah hu akbar 
my christmas shopping will be financed by my swear jar again this year . 
clickbait ... ... it works everytime ! 
life caught me caring and punished me accordingly . 
was going to wear my camouflage pants today couldn't find them . 
worst part about a dead puppy ? walking them is a real drag . 
life is one long earthquake for those tiny dogs who are always shaking . 
i'm 1 inspiration , 1 perspiration , 98 masturbation . 
what's the islamist term for acceptable internet humor ? ha - lol . 
where do criminal spiders hang out ? the deep web 
whats the best way to go cliff diving ? without the body of water 
if you hate awkward silences , then necrophilia isn't for you . 
why couldn't led zeppelin play pinball ? they had no quarter 
don't make me use uppercase . 
what do you call an insignificant underage coal digger ? a minor minor miner 
meet my new lizard friend ... he's my newt ! 
i can't stop traveling to southern spain . it's all so moorish . 
peek - a - boo ! by i . c . hugh 
hitler sponsors a 10k ... he calls it the " master race " 
one person gets an idiom wrong and it spreads like wildflower 
what does the last man on earth watch on tv ? reruns 
i like having conversations on elevators because you know there's a time limit . 
the last item on my bucket list is dying . how convenient . 
how rare was the disease that killed tom jones wife ? it's not unusual 
what's adrian peterson's favorite gaming system ? nintendo switch 
overslept this morning and missed church for the last 15 years . 
my wife with a hearing aid died rip headphone users 
what's spider - man's least favourite rice brand ? uncle ben's ... 
what will never be read in braille ? do not touch . 
cross posted to r christianity 
what kind of shoes do bears wear ? none because they go barefoot . 
how to piss off the jokeexplainbot ? 
i will hunt you down and find you and cuddle you softly . 
today i really missed my ex i think i need a better scope . 
if getting a tan is wrong then i don't wanna be white . 
wanna here my to do list your mum 
when god gives you aids ... make lemon aids ! ! ! 
i'm going to get a sleeve tattoo of a farmers tan . 
why don't taxi drivers talk to each other ? they already know everything . 
go to bed barstool . you're drunk 
what do you call the armed group in oregon ? vanilla isis . 
how's it hanging ? directly below the point of suspension 
how do you find the vegan on tumblr they find you 
say " unreliable airline " three times fast . delta delta delta 
i went for a depression test . came back negative . 
i recently got so excited shopping online ... i accidentally shipped my pants . 
when it comes to physically abusive relationships ... they are hit or miss 
" thanks for nothing , evolution . " - flightless birds 
take a trip to japan and wash away your worries ! 
what does bruce lee drink when he's thirsty ? wa - tah ! 
don't worry , donald trump will declare bankruptcy and start a new country . 
horror story in 4 words good morning , president trump . 
what is samsung's next note series phone after note 7 ? samsung not explode 
being single isn't always bad . look at kraft cheese for example . 
what's a philosophers favorite toy ? plato 
what is rhubarb ? celery with high blood pressure . 
the creator of auto - correct died recently may he restraunt in peice 
i got a book for hanukkah today it was the diary of anne frank 
women wanted him , men wanted to be him , geese were skeptical 
i love being alive but my favorite thing to do is sleep . 
who writes books for little bees ? bee - trix potter ! 
i thought i was schizophrenic ... but i talked myself out of it . 
where is the best place to find hot grills ? a barbecue 
what's varys the spider's favorite os ? unix 
how does a frog fasten two objects together ? rivets . 
50 great jokes from the edinburgh fringe 
wario has just revealed his campaign slogan we need to build a wah 
* tries to quietly check the football score during a home invasion 
i feel like a battery because i am not included in anything : 
i got mugged by 6 dwarves ... ... . not happy . 
what kind of health insurance does a llama need ? ollamacare 
i can't stand people who have to use a wheelchair that's all . 
9 out of 10 depressed people are not positive thinkers . 
it's 4 : 20 ! 
what did the groundhog's trainer tell him before the olympics ? gopher gold . 
* refuses to go to the gym adds resistance training to workout list . 
someone stole my pencil sharpener and now i can't stab people anymore . 
wanna know the difference between a street performer and a hobo ? the age 
riding a car ... a man , in * curve * , skids . 
what blood disease do communists get ? hammer and sickle cell anemia . 
how many of you are household pets reading tweets while your owners nap ? 
man , i sure love gravity it's really down to earth 
where does a ghost refuel his porsche ? at a ghastly station . 
yo mama so hairy you almost died of rug burn when you were born 
judging by his physique , i'd guess popeye's a pretty accomplished masturbator . 
if mummies are from egypt , then where are daddies from ? 
ordering a decaf coffee is like ordering a picture of food 
what did the alpacas go as for their group costume ? the zombie alpacalypse 
just bought rosetta stone for starbucks . 
" haha " - me when i don't understand the reference 
an egg just followed me . now i just need some bacon . 
" boo ! " a priest startles . it was the holy ghost . 
my reaction when i found out oxygen and magnesium are dating o mg 
how do you divide old rome ? using a pair of caesars . 
in the future everyone will be older . 
what do cats read in the morning ? mewspapers ! 
gt get text . is letterman . gt pet tricks and chill ? 
* licks the fire in your soul * burns tongue 
how amazing is michael phelps ? he's got like a brazilian medals . 
did you hear about the feminist light bulb ? it empowers itself 
why is turtle wax so expensive ? because turtles have such small ears 
what do you call electricity still flowing today ? current . 
i just finished designing a website for an orphanage there isn't a home page 
quick question : can i breastfeed if i've had implants ? 
why not call baby pigs " hamlets " ? 
what does sarah palin eat when she's high ? baked alaska 
who was appointed as a proof reader of hitler's speeches ? a grammar nazi 
what does joe pesci order at burger king ? an angry wopper . 
thank you 2015 for ... bees ? 
this post is a broken pencil it is pointless . 
the last person to enter parliament with honest intentions was guy fawkes . 
soles never buy shoes from a ginger . they have no soles 
what do they use to heal cuts in the matrix neo sporin 
took a girl to starbucks because i forgot her name 
i can't stand cripple jokes 
what's homer simpsons favourite toy ? bart . 
i was watching the grammys when something hit me my dad 
what does the beginning of the german alphabet start with ? not z . 
my grandma with alzheimer's at my wedding asked where's the body ? 
what do you call a five guys restaurant in africa ? 3 guys 
where do jihadists get their snacks ? at the allah hu snackbar . 
speed dating has nothing to do with drugs . i know that now . 
why was the crocodile taking viagra ? he was suffering from ereptile disfunction . 
jokes about female hygiene are totally inappropriate period . 
jesus saves ... and esposito scores on the rebound ! 
if you want something to be misinterpreted , post it on the internet . 
what is the name of bruce lee's crippled brother ? broccoli 
it's better to have business with a drunk professional than a sober idiot . 
what do you call the loch ness monster on drugs you're high ness 
why can't moccasins play the blues ? they've got no sole . 
ronda rouseys next fight has been announced ! ronda rousey v . crippling depression 
i gotta stop the filthy double entendre jokes but it's so , so hard 
american dance music haha 
calm down , windows update . i'll restart my computer during work time . 
calculating the trajectory of an airborne booger is snot rocket science 
for breakfast this morning ... i had ebola cereal ! 
what do indian girls have at sleepovers ? pilau fights . 
i've never met an air conditioned room i did not like . 
vegans with children named hunter are why i lie awake at night . 
why people hate billy mays jokes because they're corny . 
how does robin hood send messages around sherwood forest ? by tree mail ! 
i only wear adult diapers for 2 reasons 1 and 2 
a valentine ? in this economy ? ! ? 
every olympic event should include one average person competing for reference . 
when beer and cheese isn't the answer ... change the question 
i always cry at wedding ceremonies because i don't want to be there . 
nobody puts baby in a corner . 
illegal immigrants do jobs that americans don't want . like marrying donald trump . 
what do you say when somebody else has ruined your joke ? rip post 
what are a boyfriend's two most dreaded words ? missed . 
i had a joke about wet floors but it must have slipped my mind 
what comes after march ? april , fools ! 
what's a redneck family reunion called ? nsfw pump - kin 
i asked my gynecologist about a job she said they had a few openings 
what should you do with your sick pig ? make it into cured bacon 
what after c ? deez nut ! 
carpe natem translate it if you don't know latin . 
the last time i wet the bed ... ... i was pretty pissed . 
why did the cheese stick hate football ? because he wasn't first string ! 
how did the royal navy attract so many recruits ? they were impressive ! 
fire destroys bloodmobile blood bank trying to b positive about it 
what is the first thing a fat person does on a website accept cookies 
still waiting for the day i can illegally download groceries 
" i love accounting ! " - italian guy who loves to count . 
i'm a man of my word ... and that word is " unreliable " 
idiots are fun , no wonder every village wants one . 
why aren't there more jokes based on haptics ? it's a touchy subject . 
why shouldn't you make fun of donald trump ? you'll hurt his feeling . 
how does harry potter do web design ? inspecto elemento 
i wasn't there when you told me not to stay . 
hellen keller list ! ! 
i'm trying to get down to my original weight ... 7lbs 3oz . 
i hate having to walk behind a car ... it's exhausting . 
if money can't buy happiness what do you pay a hitman with ? 
why do virgins never stand still ? they are used to being chaste . 
why is windows 10 like a moody teenager ? because nobody gets it . 
i once knew this vegetable joke . . but then they pulled the plug 
keep on trying by percy vere 
whom does ban ki - moon revolve around ? ban ki - earth . 
" you're better than that " is almost never true 
there's a new chocolate bar being sold in the middle east called allahu snackbar 
what are sardines ? a little fish that smells like fingers . 
doing shots with a bunch of coked - up velociraptors . 
where do cows like to live ? st . moo - is . 
anyone hungry ? i read there's some leftover cat . 
jokes are like women i never get them 
why are magnets so arousing ? they're very attractive . 
i'm doing asbestos i can . . dealing with mesothelioma . 
why does donkey kong brush his teeth ? to prevent tooth dk . 
i hear apple have released a line of people movers they call it ivan 
alexis ohanian 
we all will get this tired of these jokes 
sorry , i'm holding out for the zune mini . 
i like mouse but i couldn't eat a whole one - our sodding cat 
did you hear that robin got married ? holy matrimony , batman ! 
politics is just show business for ugly people . 
what were the photocopier's last words ? good night , sweet prints ... 
hey bartender , pour me another , i see ugly people . 
im surprised mayweather can hug so well ... despite all those domestic abuse charges 
people that can't walk are so lame 
a greek guy is bullied on the interwebs ... grekt 
where is wall street ? between mexico and the us . 
superman's only weakness is the extremely rare kryptonite that all his enemies have . 
hilary's reaction to learning bill has been cheating . " i know . " 
the place i store my loud elf shhh elf 
hey eu , heard you lost a country ... ... , uk bro ? 
where do war generals make decisions ? in a think tank 
how was the hamburger murdered ? first it was rolled then smothered in onions 
i couldn't afford vokswagen thus , auto . 
morbidlly obese preteens at the nail salon are what's wrong with america . 
i have a friend named free bird he gets lost at concerts . 
i can't wait to meet that special someone who will eventually ignore me . 
who wrote " the open kimono " ? " ? seymour hare . 
the simpsons need to have an episode where arsenal win the champions league 
what's the difference between op and a brick ? a brick gets laid ! 
be kind to your dentist . he has fillings too . 
i tried to explain what a double entendre is but it's sooo hard . 
torque is like drugs it makes everything spin around . 
i can't listen to orchestral music anymore too much sax and violins . 
what type of computer sings well ? adell . 
my favorite fairy tale the dog who cried woof 
what's a christian's favourite chord progression ? g , esus . 
why don't women parachute naked ? cause they would whistle on the way down 
what's the only thing that grows in ferguson ? the crime rate . 
how does darts vader eat spaghetti ? with the force and knife . 
damn girl , you remind me of my mother ! * indistinguishable sobs * 
battered women not as delicious as it sounds 
types symptoms into webmd webmd : eww . gross . 
what do you call spaghetti disguised as linguine ? faux - teccine 
do vampires get aids ? 
the fondue ... ? you mean , my drinking cheese ? 
i need to stop seeing caution tape as some kind of finish line . 
what is the darkest dirtiest joke you have ever heard ? ? ? 
before isaac newton discovered gravity everyone had to glue themselves down . 
did you hear about the feminist gun ? she got triggered . 
why are feminists bad cashiers ? they can't make change . 
hi electron , will you be at home tonight ? probably . 
why do christians burn fossil fuels ? they're trying to destroy the evidence . 
why a giraffe got arrested while driving ? coz he was high : d 
what is a cows favorite shade of red ! mooroon ! 
might love you quicker if you bring me more liquor . 
kanye west becomes the president and kim kardashian becomes the first lady 
what does a chicken call its backpack ? a bokbok ... 
what kind of bug wants to buy lawn turf ? a gras shopper . 
your secret is safeish with me 
why are babies always gurgling with joy ? because it's a nappy time . 
what's a bigamist ? it's a large fog in italy 
japan isn't a democracy . they don't have big erections . 
bowtie pasta is the most handsome of all the pastas . 
9gag anyone ? 
as you can tell by my wrinkled shirts , i'm bad at irony . 
what is russia's codename for trump ? agent orange . 
plot twist * where do you see me in 5 years . . 
i heard a freudian slip once ... he broke both his arms . 
how did the roman cut his hair ? caesar 
achieve the " smokey eye " look by setting your head on fire . 
when do elephants have eight feet ? when there are two of them . 
i hate ingrown hairs ... they really get under my skin 
what do you call a filipino yoga instructor ? a manila folder . 
atheists are like a broken pencil they're missing the point 
how do to an indian burn my curry is better than yours . 
what would isis be if george bush was still president ? waswas 
of my four girlfriends , i'm totally the orange pacman ghost of the group 
fries are basically edible cigarettes . delicious edible cigarettes . 
i just ate dark chocolate . does that mean i'm rich ? 
my whole family loves iron it runs in our blood . 
how do you die by heroin ? when you are the villain 
what was the car doing in the dressing room ? changing attire . 
i'm going to hell in so many different religions . 
my music teacher got electrocuted yesterday unfortunately he was a great conductor . 
to all my atheist and agnostic friends . t_if ! 
what's the difference between like , love and lust ? spit swallow gargle 
newt gingrich's face looks like a fat woman's knee . 
* tries to discreetly wipe up my spilled drink with your cat * 
it seems a little insensitive for batman movies to be rated pg 
why is russian roulette bad for parties ? it kills the mood . 
what's trump's least favourite vegetable ? cillary ! 
feminism that's all , feminism ... 
animal crackers ... ... despised by gluten - free people and vegans 
why don't italians have acne ? bad joke because it slides off . 
new camouflaged condoms ! she'll never see you coming again . 
what is tuba plus tuba ? fourba ! 
what did donald trump hate most about school ? essays . 
the biggest joke of the day is ... ... hillary clinton's campaign . 
kids are much like ________ , they__________ . 
who is nickelback's biggest fan ? helen keller . 
cinderella if you play cinderella backwards it's a woman learning her place ... . 
the knicks ... . that's all 
what do you call a reptiloid that crashed landed its spaceship ? imsosaurus ! 
my mate sold me a guitar for 5 ... no strings attached 
how did helen keller break her hands ? reading road signs at 30 mph 
what is reddit's favorite song ? " karma police " by radiohead . 
what's an epileptic's least favorite pizza place ? little seizures . 
what did the cheese go as for halloween a muenster 
wanna hear a joke about the op that actually delivered ? 
knock knock . whose their ? the grammar police . 
i dont like circles they're * pointless * 
what kind of photograph does arnold schwarzenegger take ? polaroids . 
why does everybody hate the grammar nazi he's just trying to make it reich 
it be cool if that malaysia plane appeared with amelia earhart flying it back 
chuck norris was born in the log cabin he built himself . 
cinderella is my favorite story about choosing a spouse based on shoe size . 
because one duran just wasn't enough . 
airbags are srs business ... . anyone ? 
i put the extra vag in extravaganza 
the greatest pickup line of all time ... let's be friends . 
an optimistic donut sees the cop as half full . 
protein shakes are really expensive ... . whey expensive . edit : spelling 
so the jerk store called and they're running out of hb2 ! 
facebook is the only place where it's acceptable to talk to a wall . 
how do al - qaeda like their toast ? bean - laden 
excuse me , are of french royalty ? because m'da mn 
jokes about depression used to be funny ... . now they're just sad . 
how do you confuse an ugly person with an orange . 
my girlfriend has the body of a greek godess imaginary 
my load is so big jokes http : myloadissobig . blogspot . com 
difference between me and hitler at least hitler knew when to kill himself 
what is et short for ? so he can fit in the spaceship . 
first the engagement ring , then the wedding ring , then the suffering 
i'm not crazy , everyone else in the world is just boring . 
i was disappointed to learn flickr is not a site about female masturbation . 
immediately after giving birth to me my mom was charged with crimes against humanity 
i like australian kisses . they're just like french kisses but down under . 
what has no eyes and four legs ? no idea . 
me : your dress is too revealing wife : wear your own clothes then 
if gravity were a person ... he'd be pretty down to earth . 
what do you call a quadriplegic time traveler ? marty mcsit 
what's your favourite onomatopoeic word ? mine's " silence " . 
how do you get people to pirate an album ? release it on tidal 
a reddit mod walks into a jihad training camp ... removed 
whats up cake ? muffin 
maternity . sounds like you're going to be pregnant forever . 
did you know they now sell 30 tog blankets ? duvet ? 
how many french words has the turkish language recently adopted ? beaucoup . 
baby , are you today's date ? because you're 11 10 . 
127 hours but me trying to get my hand out of the pringles can 
do mermaids clean the sea or how does that work ? 
do molecular biologists wear designer genes ? 
what grows on seasame street ? i dunno , a grover something . 
how did the turtle call his friends ? ... on his shellphone 
i'd like to thank my neighbors who have always been by my side 
* slowly releases air from a balloon during your wedding vows * 
modern day camping is an uncharged phone . 
when you don't finish your sentence 
giraffes born in american zoos are giraffrican americans 
terminator doesn't google himself he uses altavista baby . 
ms piggy ... http : imgur . com btvky 
how do you cease chritianiny from existing stop having children 
why did batman go to the corner store ? for just ice 
who was the fattest pharaoh of ancient egypt ? hippo - ptolemy 
what did the eskimo girl say after she lost her virginity ... . iditarod 
overweight is something that just sort of snacks up on you . 
tacobell - america's preferred over - the - counter laxative 
to save a tree ... eat a beaver . 
so i sadly discovered that username iloveyouforever has been taken 
i have invented a machine * that reads the subtext in different voice * 
not a catfish . just behind on my lip waxing . 
what do you call a chef who's stingy with herbs ? parsleymonious 
why don't people from yorkshire use deodorant ? because they have no pits . 
landlocked countries with beach volleyball teams : who do you think you're fooling ? 
dear sepp blatter ... there's only one robert mugabe ... yours truly ... life 
they joke about mine being ... ... a whole nuther leg ! 
* wife looks through my phone * divorces me 8 times 
where does an elephant carry its laptop ? in its trunk . 
men of quality respect women's equality . 
just cuz it zips dont mean it fits 
where do werewolves stay when they're on vacation ? at the howliday inn ! 
what other us state can fit kansas inside of it ? arkansas 
a bee jerks off all over some cheerios . its honey nut . 
remember kids , you only burn in hell if you are religious . 
canada's gas prices ... they fell as fast as greece's gdp . 
what's an " oying " ? this joke 
i've always wondered what i'm saying when i meow back at my cats . 
my calling in life went straight to voicemail . 
invisibility you just don't see it these days 
a birth certificate is a basically a baby receipt . 
second chances : when it just didn't hurt enough the first time . 
how are joeffrey baratheon and wheat related ? they're both in - bread . 
low key just wanna defeat thor and rule asgard 
how attractive are skeletons ? they're drop dead gorgeous ! 
who's the poorest person in west virginia ? the tooth fairy . 
what did the blonde name her pet zebra ? spot 
i can't believe rattlesnake warnings are called rattles and not cautionary tails 
in an emergency , chuck norris can be used as a floatation device . 
what's the difference between hillary clinton and mitt romney i'm not laughing either 
what is it called if someone wears your bra ? cobra ! ! ! 
what duo were famous for stealing horses ? bonnie and clydesdale ! 
i'm the most anti - social person i know 
have you seen the new globe they're making ? it's revolutionary 
how do dragons in antarctica stay warm ? they always have several lairs . 
a man is hanging from a cliff 
hey everyone who says aliens don't exist . explain morning people . 
what is oedipus favorite flavor ? umami . 
music joke nobody could find beethoven's teacher because he is haydn . 
i'm a really green person , but only because i hate the oceans . 
" he's 24 months old . " 2 your child is 2 
i feel sorry for kids today but mostly because their cartoons are terrible . 
what's a sports fan's favourite disease ? the come on ! cold . 
what do rednecks do on halloween ? pumpkin told by my dad 
everyone tells me i'm average ... that's just mean . 
what do you call a guy from poland masturbating a polish pole polishing 
i know right from wrong . wrong is the fun one . 
walking talking stephen hawking 
what's the worst thing at a bad joke party ? the punch lines . 
mathematically speaking . . the average person is mean . : - 
today i've heard the funniest joke ever . it was so funny . 
what should we call trump's newest scandal ? golden gate . 
what is the most crucial element of oology ? eggsact measurements . 
every organisation is perfectly designed to get the results they are getting . 
pilot held without bail . judge concerned about the risk of flight . 
autocorrect wants to capitalize bacon , out of respect . 
my bread baking business has gone a rye . 
ronda rousey acting 
what's whitney houston's favourite coordination ? handiiiiiiiiiiiii - iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii 
a woman asks a bartender for a double entendre he gave her one 
ikea made headlines today ... ... due to their new range of corduroy pillowcases 
my grade for geography will be out of this world . 
why is the man who invests all your money called a broker ? 
elevator is broken . had to use the other one . firstworldproblems 
what is wonder woman's favorite drug ? heroine . 
americans eat turkeys at christmas . do people in turkey eat americans ? 
boy playing pokemon go walks into a bar he should've been paying attention 
what did mr . burns bring to the pot luck ? egg_salad 
there's one thing i can't stand when i'm drunk up 
sometimes when i talk to people i start pointing at crouches . point 
joke from new zealand : " what's a hindu ? " lays iggs . 
this super market doesn't even sell capes . 
homework . half of my energy wasted on random knowledge . 
drink coffee ! do stupid things faster with more energy ! 
you want to scare someone ? call them . 
2 reasons not to drink toilet water : number 1 and number 2 . 
i don't get people that talk to themselves 
why did ibuprofen miss his friends ? because paracetamol on fire . 
what does a chef with a chronic masturbation issue cook ? fapjacks ! 
what ever happened to hitler's family ? he adolf them ... 
a joke about dwarves ejaculating ... will be coming shortly . 
the worst part about being homeschooled is getting bullied . 
how could the dolphin afford to buy a house ? he prawned everything ! 
what's harry potters favorite way to go down hill ? walking ... jk rolling 
dont remember a dang thing from last night but i have a crossbow now 
this one is a bit tasteless , so be warned . water 
i went out with anorexic twins last night ... 2 birds , 1 stone 
my friend made a joke about terrorist hijacking planes i rated it 9 11 
quentin tarantino always looks like he walked through a car wash . 
what do you think about a girl isn't a virgin before 18 ? 
i tried to get back to the drawing board but i can't draw . 
what do french stoners smoke ? oui - d 
i almost died trying to brush my teeth with my left hand . 
i was shopping for shoes for my imaginary friend he was a size 10i 
just recently sold all my dead batteries free of charge 
lobster tail amp beer . my three favourite things . 
what do redditors always get confused by ? seven . 
how do you tell jokes ? repost : 
captain america outsources much of his crime fighting to captain india . 
a dung beetle walks into a bar " is this stool taken ? " 
what do they teach in isis business school ? execution is everything . 
how did the astrologer cross the road ? in his taurus ! 
i can be the taco beast ... ... if you're my taco belle ! 
what do you call a disappearing president ? hocus potus 
you're too drunk , dear . alcohol you later . 
why are gorillas underpaid ? they're willing to work peanuts ! 
help me , i am trapped in a haiku factory save me before they 
which country has the most millionaires ? zimbabwe . 
i'll always be less successful than edgar allan poe nevermore 
a man finishes a tube of chapstick ... ... just kidding . 
my son has about 12 seconds to learn patience . 
hello and welcome to hypocrite's anonymous . what's your name ? 
when is a body builder's shortest workout ? during the winter swole - stace 
dont stop ! i dont usually get to see beauty in motion 
first person ever : i have several holes in my face what is happening 
how do you ruin someones peaceful thoughts ? puppymonkeybaby 
i need the " viewer discretion advised " voice to narrate my life . 
spandex is sausage casing for humans . 
why did everyone trust the marsupial ? everything he said was troo 
where do ob gyns go to school ? gynecolleges . 
what do you wear when it's raining homophobia ? a straight jacket . 
what's the ethiopian national dish ? empty . 
i just opened an abortion clinic . . no fetus can defeat us 
what's more irish than eating potatoes ? not eating potatoes . 
sadly , my day requires pants . 
the world's finest super spy at work : an interview 
if a girl is preventing you from reaching your goal then she's a keeper 
no thanks , granola bars with no chocolate in them 
i just killed a man knifely done 
what's it called when a smell dates his sister ? incense ! 
what number is the oddest prime number ? 2 source : my discrete professor 
how do you know when a vampire is sick ? he starts coffin ... 
why did they have to call aquaman aquaman because they couldn't call him seaman 
air conditioning ? not a fan 
you know whats funnier than philly ... your religion 
what blood type does a motivational speaker have ? b positive ! 
what's macho man randy savage's favourite capital city ? skopje ! ! 
what was camelot famous for ? it's knight life ! 
you are so sweet ... ... is your zodiac sign caries ? 
yo momma so ugly . . her portraits hang themselves 
i'm going to kill myself ... . or die trying . 
what does nixon's head use to thicken up etouffee ? a roooooooux ! 
a guy spilt his cup of milk on me how dairy ! 
what do you get when you eat a bunch of uranium ? atomic ache 
what country has 6 faces , and 8 points ? cuba 
santa isn't coming this year ! someone shot his rudolph ! 
coke zero pepsi one well played pepsi . 
maybe your jeans are distressed because you're wearing them ? 
what did the dog say after stepping off a sailboat ? wharf ! 
i bought some bose stocks today . it was a sound investment . 
god is pretty creative . i mean , look at me . 
an electron and a positron went into a bar and got totally annihilated . 
what do they call chipotle in canada ? chipotl - eh 
who was the most powerful cat in china ? chairman miaow ! 
how many plates do you need to draw a picture ? tenplates 
why was the drug dealer late ? because he tripped 
your mama is so dirty her crabs have dirt bike races . 
where did christ get his ripped abs ? cross fit 
just got my free yearly car wash thanks california ! 
i wonder if mirrors every get tired of having their picture taken . 
aw , this paint is already dry . guess i'll watch baseball . 
what's a feminists worst nightmare ? fat free milk 
brad pitt . while you're helping the world , please feed your wife . 
she claimed to be a copy editor but she had no proof . 
" i am as misquoted as marilyn monroe . " - abe lincoln 
daddy are you my son ? 
i avoid cheating on my spouse by not getting married . 
longest joke ever loading ... 
what did isis say after the terrorist attack ? nice 
chuck norris uses tabasco sauce instead of visine . 
the amount of duplicates on this subreddit 
... your future 
sperm whales were created when chuck norris masterbated in the ocean . 
men and women were created equal , but women continued to improve . 
what olympic event that involves throwing should be eliminated ? discuss 
* receives good , solid , sound advice . * does exact opposite . 
why don't chicken coops have four doors ? they would be chicken sedans 
batman doesn't have nightmares nightmares have batman 
after they got married she even put his truck nuts in a jar . 
an orchestra concert is no place for a child . sometimes there's intense violins 
i'm like a bike ... my girlfriend never rides me . 
stereo types exist for a reason . because not everyone wants a sony . 
" false information " spells out " false information " backwards . 
hippocrates was pretty damn smart ... for a horse . 
jihadi john guess he's jihadi gone now 
sandeep the indian wifebeater punches his wife at 7pm every night on the dot 
if what you don't know can't hurt you , you're invulnerable . 
did we ever figure out how ... suga suga got so fly ? 
i'm 84 less productive in a swivel chair . 
u username goes to the grocery store ... . username checks out . 
how would i describe myself in three words ? eats anything . beyonce . 
what does a martial artist get at starbucks chai tea 
out for the count by esau stars 
i would like to buy a vowel ... but they don't take snap . 
sarah palin 
what's a schizophrenic's favorite christmas song ? do you hear what i hear ? 
where do canadians play basketball ? in the nb - " eh " 
have you met my vegetarian girlfriend ? nah , i've never met herbivore . 
what do you think of miles davis ? he kind of blew 
so a woman walks out of the kitchen ... ... 
who doesn't like a hot date ? a necrophiliac . 
there's a procrastinators contest first to claim the prize wins 
what did the dog say when he was sick . barf ! barf ! 
what is the new fad diet for ghost developers ? the boolean . 
if stupidity was a crime ... sarah palin would be public enemy 1 
which fly makes films ? stephen speilbug ! 
how can you tell that a politician lies ? his lips are moving 
just tell me when and where and i'll be there 20 minutes late . 
what's the worst way to reply to an " i love you " ? 
enrage the one you love today with a calm , rational explanation . 
what's a doctor's favorite bird ? an apothecanary 
my indian friend decided to take off his turban hats off to him . 
what is superman's greatest weakness ? a bucking horse . 
dad slapped me for my bad skilled jokes 
which award did the knoc knock joke get ? the nobel prize . 
what's the bro - iest airport in the us ? lax 
support the war on crack . stop wearing low rise jeans . 
as long as there are tests , there will be prayer in schools . 
how do windmills feel about renewable energy ? they're pretty big fans 
feeling sad ? just picture cee lo green climbing a rope . 
sweet potatoes are just regular potatoes that remember birthdays and anniversaries . 
what does stormtrooper armor protect against , exactly ? knives ? 
robin thicke can't even name a second robin thicke song 
between men and women ... there's a vas deferens . 
snowmen don't 69 , they 88 . 
why don't you see any transgendered parents ? because they're trans - parent 
what do you call fruits that aren't allowed to marry ? oc cantaloupes . 
why do emo kids always have the latest technologies ? 
shout out to politicians for keeping the word " folks " alive . 
what does ron howard ask before watersports ? you down with opie pee ? 
what do scientists solve ? che - mysteries ! 
just donated a kidney . hope somebody checks that goodwill box . 
why was pluto's child unexpected ? because it didn't plan it . 
never play poker with a pieces of paper . they're bound to fold . 
my favorite part of zumba is mortgaging my house to pay the chiropractor . 
the flower had an unexpected pregnancy ... so it went to plant parenthood . 
two toilets go to a potty lol 
velcro ... what a ripoff ! 
girl are you a fox ? because i don't know wtf you're saying . 
who gave a dyslexic child a gift last christmas ? satan 
what do you call mints you can spread through social media ? memementos 
you know why the germans lost wwii ? because storm troopers always miss . 
where do you store your wine ? in the cabernet 
obama turns 52 today . republicans vote to repeal it . 
how did we even waste time before twitter ? 
i have a job as a gym instructor but it isn't working out . 
how did jesus get so fit ? he did lots of cross fit 
so i decided to submit a joke about ned stark's head removed 
was the discovery of a new planet an accident ? or did they planet 
what are the three fastest means of communication ? internet telephone telawoman . 
that's offensive - - pikachu is his slave name . 
how do you make people lose faith in this sub ? this . 
what kind of music do balloons hate the most ? pop music . 
efficiency is a highly developed form of laziness . 
when catwoman gets older , does she become cougarwoman ? 
what do australian terrorists say before attacking ? uluruakbar 
am sticking to my resolution this year 800x600 
what happens when you scare an old lady ? depends . 
funniest fight ever ! ! ! ! just joke videos 
inncocent child 
gun control sounds like a dangerous but exciting way to change the channel 
been throwing away this piece of tape for the last 17 hours 
how does god receive prayers ? knee - mail 
why are there no joke about jonestown ? the punchlines are too long . 
well ... well ... well ... welcome to stutterers anonymous 
what's one thing the hulk would struggle tearing down ? the fourth wall 
what do mathematicians use to get fast delivery ? amazon 
what happens to crude people ? crucified . 
my own personal hell sounds great , actually 
if swimming is such great cardio , explain manatees . 
how do you make a song better using cement ? by remixing it . 
what happened to the over amorous clam ? it pulled a mussel . 
my laptop has a miley virus . it's stopped twerking . 
that awkward moment when ... when mars has more water than california ... 
why are turtles dangerous in china ? because they can turtle you . 
it's better to have hope in your soul . . 
jesse james married my sister . he's know my brother out - law 
wanna hang together ? ill bring the rope 
i saw this post by a pizza boy . op delivers . 
are you okay ? you seem stupid . 
why was kleenex dancing ? it had a little boogie in it . 
" who's sorry now ? " first question on canadian citizenship exam 
what do you call a rapper who smokes too much ? tupac - aday 
insulting me gets you nowhere . plus , it makes you look fat . 
just stole some energy bars from a store . i'm a joule thief . 
which marvel superhero is transgender ? ironman , he's a fe male . 
what is captain ahab's favorite reggae band ? bob marley and the whalers ! 
i need an airplane joke and i need it right neeeeeeoooow . 
trump's inauguration had a low turnout still more than hillary's inauguration 
my phone battery can last longer than most relationships these days . 
how does it feel to crash a rental car ? it hertz . 
secret to success is to know who to blame for your failures . 
its all fun and games till someone gets hurt ... then its hilarious 
you sneezed 20 times in a row , i think your brain wants out 
i'm still in disbelief that 9 11 coincidentally happened on september 11 9 11 
ho ho ho said santa ! as he watched 16 and pregnant ! 
can't imagine what's it like to have no imagination . 
an apostrophe walks into a'ba r . 
why do hipsters love harrison ford ? because he's indie ! 
thanks , spell check , that's what i meant : edgar allen pie . 
how many bees do you need in a bee choir ? a humdred ! 
i was pregnant in high school before it became popular ... . 
what's the opposite of drunken noodles ? soba noodles ! 
twitter management's favorite part of a book is always chapter 11 
pour some high fructose corn syrup on me ! ! ! ! 
urine is the opposite of you're out . 
what is a sandwich on a ship ? a sub - marine 
i can do something that einstein can't . breathe . 
why does chuck norris play cowbell ? because he beats time ! 
i'd imagine homeless people aren't the biggest fans of little dogs wearing sweaters . 
patrick star is so clueless it's like he lives under a rock or something 
the world is secretly run by old men playing chess in the park 
does your dog like children ? yes , but he prefers dog food . 
what did the arab land his 747 ? the tarmac , you racist . 
* holds door for woman * slams door in her boyfriend's face 
a falling battery killed a man today . it was charged with murder . 
losing your spouse can be hard . but it's not impossible . 
i was told to put two planks together i totally nailed it . 
the secret to success is to start from scratch and keep scratching . 
typos . the greek god of spelling errors . 
how do you spell a hated opponent with three letters ? nme enemy . 
does your face hurt ? well it's killing me . 
what city is the favorite place for anti - semites ? juno 
what were the yoga instructor's last words when he got electrocuted ? ohmmmmmmmmmmmmm ... 
what car does jesus drive ? a christler i'm so sorry ... 
why are there no female necrophiliacs ? because dead guys can't spend money . 
the safeword is burrito 
what can be served but not eaten ? a tennis ball . 
what is robot jazz called ? beep boop bop ! 
why did the native american undergo cellular respiration ? to make a tp 
making is easy . press shift 4 . 
joke about mods deleted 
do skunks celebrate valentine's day ? sure , they're very scent - imental ! 
how is daniel craig a policeman ? he is in spectre inspector 
how come we never see hideous fish men around any more ? dagon . 
one thing that really annoys me is everything . 
what did they name the hot sauce lubricant ? they called it sricrotcha ... 
big sale in the perfume department ... it's all 50 per scent off . 
i hate people with club feet ... i'm lack toes intolerant . 
what's the worst thing about one - liners in r jokes ? 
why does the earth love geologists ? they really get it's rocks off 
as schoolgirl skirts get shorter ... ... anemia rates grow in japan . 
illegal immigration jokes . . are borderline offensive 
listen mate , the only rapture i'm interested in was sung by debbie harry 
i have a crippling fear of santa apparently i'm claustrophobic . 
there's nothing in skymall that i don't want to buy . 
if you came over an upturned tortoise ... would you clean it up ? 
i ask myself , what city has the most feminists ? manhatin 
i found a hole in my pants this morning no one's looking into it 
if oskar schindler was your uber fare ... ... you'd be schindler's lift 
what did big nacho say to little nacho ? i'm nacho daddy . 
what did victoria say to vancouver ? i'll bc - ing you later . 
man . . these croutons are the best thing since dried bread ! 
what's gandalf's favorite band ? a flock of smeagols 
having erectile dysfunction must be hard oh wait ... no , never mind . 
where did the joker prank batman ? got em city . 
" forgive me father , for i have pinned . " 
what were charles darwin's favorite fruits ? oranges and peaches . 
minnesota is my favorite state that sounds like it's a small soft drink . 
i got fired from my job at pepsi i tested positive for coke 
what do you call a winston using his jetpack ? ? a boosted animal 
my favourite x - man is iceman . he's a cool guy . 
i wonder if i've come a lake yet . 
not to brag but both my kids are from the same dad 
my band is called 999 megabytes . we don't have any gigs . lol 
my dad told what the capital of greece actually is . it's fathens . 
gravity is just the earth being really clingy 
why are beekeepers opposed to keeping gorillas in captivity ? they're ape purists 
* uses ipad as a phone * hey look at me i'm a hobbit 
theory : the winter olympics were invented by the cowbell industry . 
what's hairy and has five fingers ? a thalidomide's armpit 
why did the plane crash because the pilots we're muffins 
reddit administration . 
jokes on reddit are always original and hilarious . 
why did batman climb the tree ? he was looking for robin's nest . 
border security idea : make the door to mexico too small for sombreros . 
birthdays are great ... ... but too many of them will kill you . 
still can't find my keys . i should probably check the everything bagel . 
my favorite salad is a bunch of different kinds of doritos mixed together 
the chances of donald trump being elected . 
shermanfury shermanfury , so clever ... . 
can i get an amen ? saw this today 
him : do you swallow ? me : every time i chew . 
seriously , this is the last time i trust a baby with firearms . 
indian food tasted a little off at the restaurant it was a naan issue 
how do you hold your liqour ? i hold mine by the ears . 
according to steve jobs , what type is the pokemon scizor ? feature borrow 
chuck norris first job was as a paperboy . there were no survivors . 
thank you for calling the constipation hotline ... please hold . 
" tweet it " is the new laughing . 
making zombies moist delete 
meatloaf just collapsed on stage mom is losing her skills in the kitchen 
what is the least pleasant state to live in ? missouri . 
i hate colored pencils . i'd rather dye than use them . 
don't take drugs ... for granted . 
why did the horse get a dui ? she had too many maretinis 
i'm too hip 
don't " psh " me , coca cola i just opened . 
what's a wrestling chef's signature move ? a soufflex 
what's pink lives in a sty and drinks blood ? a hampire . 
yo mama is so ugly the government moved halloween to her birthday . 
what do you call a pig that does karate ? pork chop ! 
dont hit me ! thats whats she said . bazzinga 
autocorrect will be the dress of me 
is it offensive to refer to egyptians as " mummies " ? 
if i could have any superpower it would be cold war russia 
siri , when does the restraining order expire ? 
what do you call a four - legged significant other ? dear 
sometimes my eye - rolls are the most exercise i get all day . 
i love to post jokes while crossing the stre 
when it comes to self deprecation i'm the just worst . 
if vegetarians eat vegetables ... . ... . beware the humanist ! 
what is nux's favorite browser ? chrome . 
whats blue and doesn't weigh much ? light blue . 
what is a psychic medium ? ... smaller than a psychic large . 
i went to my first ethiopian electronic concert yesterday the dj was mt stomach 
how to stop procrastinating i don't know but i'll figure it out later 
ice lollies are like regular drinks for really patient people . 
why are germans buried 20 feet underground ? because deep down they're real nice 
just like crime , slavery doesn't pay . 
pc gamers don't take hot showers . they take steam - y ones . 
my computer can sing it's a dell 
making a phone call that goes straight to voicemail releases dopamine . 
hey cutie ever do it in a sleigh ? 
guys , i lost my baby teeth 
california legalized marijuana i guess they had a high voter turnout . 
what do you have to know to be an auctioneer ? lots 
thats the thing about incontinence pants . . . . you're in control . 
old macdonald was dyslexic h - r - t - q - p 
what do you say about a high mountain ? its pretty stoned 
both my son and daughter love reddit . that must mean it's heredditary . 
i know 3 people who are clinically insane : me . 
yes , autocorrect , that's right . i hate that stupid ditch 
what is trees preferred drug ? water . it helps them get high . 
i could add boolean operators to my search ... or not 
i'm at my most " floor manager " when i'm falling down drunk . 
what was the name of the heaviest man in china ? won ton 
i know a guy who doesn't love raymond . 
on halloween , how do skeletons call their friends ? with their ibone . 
i called my ex a cow animal control had to show up 
on 15 i could travel the world . . of warcraft 
what if there was a christian version of isis called chrisis ? ! 
what's the difference between hillary and a piece of fruit ? deleted 
how did the possessed lady lose weight ? diet and exorcise . 
kinda cool how earth is the largest planet in the whole world . 
apple and puma have developed smart track pants , they're called ipumapants . 
what file archiver do tigers use ? win - rawr . 
how do you spell way with an f ? there's no f in way 
* robs neighbor's chicken coop * * serves poached eggs * 
want to hear my tribute to elvis ? thanks , elvis . 
when does one play a corny game ? you play it by ear . 
one direction broke up everything was just going south . 
what do you call transgender hershey's chocolate ? himshey's chocolate ... 
what organ do only british people have ? the eng gland . 
joke contest site 
god must be a woman because just like my wife , she's always right 
why doesnt mcdonalds serve snail ? because of sanitation reasons . 
i'm addicted to placebos . i could quit but it wouldn't matter . 
i got into a fight with an artist last night ... we drew . 
the hay in baby jesus's manger came from christian bales . 
all right stop , coagulate and thicken 
we are all seven huffington post slideshows away from finishing a minor task 
hellacious why'd the lawyer go to heaven ? hell was full . 
looking for a great stand up comedy show ? just watch the gop debate 
" well i'll be damned . " said atheist when rapture happened . 
what country's citizens are most affected by global warming ? south koreans 
stevie wonder is the worst father hasnt seen his kids in years 
i don't trust bonsai trees . they are a little shady . 
finished christmas shopping for my entire family . * walks out of pharmacy * 
what do you find at an end of the rainbow ? violet 
if wishes were fishes ... ... life would be pretty crappie 
what is bielefeld's zip code ? 404 
my mother - in - law fell down a wishing well ! ! ! 
r house ... ... is in the middle of the street . 
it's unfortunate when pasta night turns into a surprise family intervention . 
i would shave my beard ... but it's kind of grown on me . 
summing up my life in 5 words : i fail at maths 
my relationship is complex part real , part imaginary . 
what do you call optimistic lube ? lubrican 
the real reason hillary clinton stumbled a tiny plane flew into her . 
did you hear about michael vicks new shoe contract ? hush puppies . 
doggies just call it style . 
what did the piston say to the freely expanding gas ? no pressure 
so america won gold for shooting in the olympics . no suprise there . 
strong winds by gail force 
yo mama so fat , her gravity bends space - time . 
where's the school for the blind ? ... it's hard to see . 
what do you call nashville's junior hockey league ? the child predators . 
it's only ultimate frisbee if someone dies 
who was the fattest member of nsync ? joey fatone 
ominous music should play when you meet the wrong ppl . 
whats blue and bangs old ladies ? me in my lucky blue coat . 
i fell down a deep dark whole yesterday i could not see that well 
hitler did nothing wrong ... ... with his art , in my opinion . 
what can a homeless figure skater do to get by ? turn - tricks 
which plant talks the most crap ? shiitake mushrooms . 
ever stop to think , and forget to start again ? 
being mute . being mute means never having to say you're sorry . 
" you're an alcoholic . " i prefer the term bar - barian 
in all fairness to bellichick and brady balls do shrink when it's cold 
how did cancer order it's fries ? metastasized . 
my sweatpants just greeted me at the door like a loyal dog . 
headed to a funeral . yolo 
waved to my ex today , next time i might use all my fingers 
jogging has never helped my memory . 
why doesn't asia wear makeup ? because it clogs its singapores ! 
how do australians breathe ? they exhale 
what did justin verlander finish on friday ? kate's back . 
why do so many dyslexic vegans move to dallas ? for the sallad 
i should buy a 26 . 2 sticker ! for my nose ... 
why did france run out of painkillers ? because paris ate em all 
why is ups so great ? they always deliver ! 
what does johnny depp say when cutting down trees ? timbuuuuuuuurton 
justin bieber will be an old man someday and it will be hilarious . 
how do canibals eat victims with parkinson's disease ? shake n bake 
small horse - tai ni po ni 
a good artist knows where to draw the line . 
what mrs . dumpty gave humpty ? 
what is the most important factor in china's future ? euthanasia . 
when pigs fly they will have the most delicious wings . 
you can tell a lot about a person by reading my girlfriend's email 
you look so young ... what is your secret ? i am fifteen . 
what are the chances you know an olympic gymnast ? ? a stretch 
my new years resolution for 2012 is to figure out how calendars work 
we all sprang from apes , but you didn't spring far enough . 
my friend takes helium recreationally . he speaks very highly about it . 
guantanamo bae 
bae joke bae : come over me : wrong spelling 
what do you call a myth from the middle east ? a turban legend 
whats white and salty ? salt . 
what did hitler tell his wife on valentines day ? be mein 
if someone calls you fat ... just turn the other chin . 
i still think porky pig got his stutter from an early jail experience . 
trump drops out of the race , and makes america great again . 
statistically speaking ... . . isn't a mean joe just an average joe ? 
i play soccer ... just for kicks 
a chef accidentally put yeast in his broth the result was soup rising 
what kind of sound does a horny toad make ? rubbit , rubbit . 
commercial for rakes " are u tired of eating leaves ? " 
people say i have poor grammar i guess i'm just unarticulate 
when everything comes your way . . you are in the wrong lane 
body by oreos 
what is hail ? hard boiled rain ! 
how did ellen pao get her job as ceo or reddit ? deleted 
i've got a great joke only joking 
yo mama is so stupid she sold her car for gas money . 
it's sad that my girlfriend's name is palmela handerson 
necrophilia ... there's nothing like cracking open a cold one . 
who loves hamburgers french fries and ants ? ronald macaardvark ! 
if lovin you is rom ... ... i don't wanna read - write . 
want to hear a broad generalization ? all women are complicated . 
what do you call an ant that's walking in perfect form ? an informant 
all serial killers ... drinks water ... 
the darker humor is , the better . just like slaves . 
new year's resolution is to stop drinking . dies of thirst . 
my thoughts on the french revolution great concept , terrible execution . 
tifu ... ... she rode me like a cow girl . 
what's a closeted isis fighter's favourite occasion during the year ? ram a man 
what are the russians eating for thanksgiving ? beef with turkey 
the mancave is where i change into my manman costume . 
bangs are just a poor woman's botox . 
what song did taylor swift write about magic johnson ? bad blood . 
i was born pessimist my blood group is b negative 
birdwatching by jack daw 
what do ghosts get when they're aroused ? booners 
" child rearing " sounds like something that'll get you life in prison . 
barack and george walked into the white house ... hillary dodged . 
you cannot play with me unless you blow me . - balloon 
what changes the more popular it gets hillary clinton's views 
some days , mos def only feels mos prob . 
imitation is the sincerest form of crabmeat . 
has anyone fixed the sound barrier yet 
chuck norris drinks napalm to quell his heartburn . 
want to hear a corny joke ? never mind i forgot the skewers . 
just spilled alphabet soup on my keyboard . i'm so confused 
a quote from the father of invention . hi invention , i'm dad . 
what happened to ed's girlfriend ? sheeran 
i prefer protestant orange juice to catholic orange juice ... it's pulp - free 
lobotomies do they smart ? 
power surge at the a c factory ... fans shocked . 
which november holiday is a weed smoker's favorite ? danksgiving . 
what is chalah before it's baked ? judo 
i just wish we knew how reality show contestants felt about haters . 
why didn't the oyster give to charity ? he was shellfish . 
what is better than a cold bud ? a warm bush . 
holding my breath until someone likes this status . 
you make every other name that comes up on my phone a disappointment . 
i want that " damn you are still together ? " relationship ! 
why did jesus have to walk everywhere ? he drove a ford . 
i was asked to grade caitlyn jenner i went with a d - 
million dollar idea : let's start a twitter swear jar 
show me on this calendar where the bad monday touched you . 
what's another word for a murderer who kills old ladies ? a killergran . 
i'm not keen on neanderthal comedy . it's very low - brow humour . 
why is isis going after programs ? because they are executable 
funny how many articles end in " continued on page " 
i went jogging one time why am i not thin ? 
who ate those tomatoes ? tom ate those . 
there's plenty of deeply disturbed fish in the sea . 
my insomnia has it's own toothbrush in my bathroom . 
get a new car for your spouse - it'll be a great trade ! 
what's a warboy's from mad max's favourite web browser ? chrome 
i don't hate you because you're beautiful ... you're not ... 
i stuck my foot in a honeycomb . i bee tripping . 
can't , busy teaching a toddler gang signs . 
what happens when you join two koreans together ? linkin park . 
highway to hell is my favorite wedding song . 
maybe she's boing with it . maybe it's trampoline . 
taxidermist's wife : whatcha thinkin about ? taxidermist : stuff . 
who was tupac married to ? his thug wife . 
is anyone going to tell america's funniest home videos about youtube ? 
damn girl , are you r jokes because you are getting old 
oompa loopa doopity doo here's an executive order for you ... 
why do i praise neo ? because i'm autistic xd xdxd 
what is poseidon's favourite shortcut ? ctrl c 
what number is higher than infinity ? 420 
what branch of government actually listens to the people ? the nsa ! spoiler 
what does a wolf lick a ram with ? his tungsten 
what does a cat go to sleep on ? a caterpillow ! 
what's under there ? 
do you think horses feel remorse ? they have such long faces . 
y2k ? because 1 k isn't enough . 
lol no thanks my tires rotate themselves every day 
what did music tell the pancakes ? b flat . 
what does helen keller call her dog ? nothing . she's dead . 
cannibals like to meat people . 
the thing people don't understand about how clickbait works 
i wanna go to africa to see where rappers come from . 
2016 that's it . 
pizza pizza pizza eatya eatya eatya 
new year's resolution 2016p 
you had me at " there's no security cameras . " 
my hearing loss in both ears 
everyone knows someone in real life that actually resembles a garden gnome . 
if your jokes are corny i'm all ears . 
lightning never strikes twice in one place . chuck norris wont let it . 
what's a vegetarian policeman's favourite meal ? caesar salad 
why don't robot chickens play basketball ? too many technical fowls 
who is the world's worst suicide hotline operator ? shia lebouf . 
what happens when we put white people in power police brutality . 
why are branches attached to trees ? because they stick 
sometimes it just doesn't feel like putting the lotion on its skin . 
wise man jokes ? 
what happened to the tree after it caught fire ? it became entally handicapped 
too many girls want attention , not enough want respect ! 
give me a minute , i can make this about me . 
i don't like 9 11 jokes they're 2 plane 
what's brown and steaming and lies behind the barracks ? gomer's pile . 
what do waiters want most after dinner ? the tip ! 
where my hanging preposition lovers at ? 
what is the most said band name during the holidays ? u2 
what helps humans get laid but is deadly for fish ? pick up lines 
redditor's headstone inscription now i know i'm late so will likely get buried 
i guess i'm " just ok " at being self - deprecating 
anti ... ... cipation ! 
a guy meets a fat chick at a convention deleted 
how did a hispanic farmer propose to his girlfriend ? with arroz . 
what do they call the pun masters of the streets ? punksters 
why didnt jesus become a boxer ? crosses killed him . 
what's sideshow bobs least favorite creepypasta ? the rake . 
what is the cow's holiday greeting ? mooooory christmas ! 
where will you never find a hipster fish ? the mainstream 
why do all public restrooms feel haunted ? 
hot kraft singles in my pocket waiting to meet you . 
your mama's so fat she needs to use terashare http : terashare . net 
1 1 3 it does take about 9 months though 
where do people go for pasta related crimes ? a pennetentiary ! 
first post knock knock who's there ? immigration , let's go . 
what did the jalapeno dress up as for halloween ? a ghost pepper . 
you know what's not right ? left 
an octopus is just a wet spider 
" it's 3am ! time for sprints ! " - cats 
here is a joke said no german ever 
missy the lost cat http : www . 27bslash6 . com missy . html 
your momma is so ugly ... . bill cosby gave her coffee . 
i won't beheading to iraq anytime soon 
ya gotta give hitler credit for one thing ... he killed hitler . 
wish there was an edit option when d atm shows ur account balance ! 
a sad can goes to get recycled . he was soda - pressed . 
smile , it's the second best thing you can do with your lips . 
what do vampires make sandwiches out of ? self - raising dead . 
hitler was a great man . he killed hitler . 
i imagine by now all you evian drinkers have read the name backwards ? 
if obama was really kenyan he would have won the race by now . 
what happened to kim jong ? he was ill . 
how does a baby wookie get around ? ewoks 
trigger warning ! ! the next 4 years in america 
my phone can hold 5000 songs or 1 voicemail from my mom 
you can't have everything , where would you put it ? 
which african dictator extorts flying insects robert mug - a - bee 
my friends bakery burnt down ... it was toast d lmao 
keep death off our roads drive on the pavement . . . 
what chews on trees and sings ? justin beaver 
how do you make a salad wrap ? by adding some beets 
engineer's joke i have a girlfriend ! 
why was the candle mad at his friend ? he blew him off . 
how do you make an ugly baby ? ask your parents . 
who do cows pray to ? moohammad 
what's the shah's favorite band ? iran maiden 
what was wrong with the air ? the swine flu 
when is a car like a frog ? when it's becing toad ! 
why don't jokes in base 8 work ? because 7 10 11 
t he bes thin gabou ttcpfl owcontr oljokesi sthatthey knowwhento backo ff ... . 
men ? on the whole , i'd rather buy new batteries . 
which disease do hobbits fear the most ? the bilbonic plague . 
welcome to religion , where everything's pretend and women don't matter 
what are pigskins used for ? holding the pig together . 
tifu at subway - accidentally sent someone to the er oops , wrong sub 
i saw a car with no wheels the other day they were entirely gone 
2 hr flight , better buy 8 lbs of fruit and nut mix . 
i only hug people when i need to wipe my hands off . 
the joke they don't tell idiots sorry bro , can't tell you 
* tears off break away pants as i approach the breakfast buffet * 
tifu down was jealous . 
i found the cure to obesity , but then i ate it . 
australia's got 99 problems ... but beaches ain't one . 
thanks for explaining the word many to me . it means a lot . 
4007 what is the most unethical thing you can legally buy ? nestle products 
love is grand divorce is a hundred grand ... 
what were the founding father's favorite cereals ? chex and balance 
charlie sheen hates ... . . parisians even more than the is does . 
why did cain kill his brother ? because he was abel to . 
women who get kidnapped while jogging : you're not jogging fast enough 
how do you call blue cow ? freak . . 
archeologist : someone whose carreer lies in ruins . 
i hurt myself doing the safety dance . 
do furries go to doctors or vets ? 
i ran over my wife yesterday i was devastated , but she was crushed 
today should be called bridge day . . cause i'm over it 
there's a brand new cemetery in town everybody is dying to get in 
who invented the equation ? a x - pert 
what is donald trump's favorite city to visit . islamabad 
what do you call someone who sews extremely fast ? taylor swift ... 
the presidential election for 2016 is like a blunt pencil . pointless . 
why does tom cruise like scientology ? it's given him a great cult following 
obama follow me on twitter 
you auto complete me . 
elitist perfumers no common scents 
i have only ever completed 2 successful high - fives . 
what do you call siblings that play soccer ? umbros 
save the whales . collect the whole set . 
killers normally target family and friends good thing i don't have any friends . 
why is kim jong un a terrible leader ? removed 
free idea : a tanning salon called " turn brown for what . " 
i read everything in comic sans sans . this way it's funny . 
isis isis babe . 
don't worry jennifer lawrence ... every icloud has a silver linings . 
how often do scientists check the element table ? periodically ... 
i feel like a 100 bucks . yeah , that bad . 
what did mick jones say when he offended the arabs sorry i'm a foreigner 
what's a bodybuilder's favourite movie streaming service ? net * flex * 
you look like something i'd draw with my left hand 
understanding women 
what idiot named them horses and not zerocorns 
my entire existence is just me sitting around waiting to get hungry again 
who is it that everybody listens to but nobody believes ? the weatherman . 
i am known at the gym as the " before picture . " 
they said i'd miss my family i never miss at close range . 
i bet dame judi dench has a pretty nice apartment . cribs 
i met a woman with one leg today . her name was eileen . 
why was beethoven making a lot of money ? his property was fur elise 
i'm dying to get one of those babies that smoke . too cute ! 
so when is this old enough to know better suppose to kick in ? 
i hear chikfila is becoming more pc ... they now have transtender bathrooms . 
the 1670s called . not sure how . 
you ate some space food ? why on earth would you do that ? 
what are some of the best comments on threads ? deleted 
what do you call a fist fight at noon ? a lunchbox 
what kind of flowers do you never give on valentine's day ? cauliflowers ! 
my dad was an illiterate pirate tragically , he was lost at c . 
what do you call 2 algebraists who marry ? prime mates 
incontinence hotline could you hold , please ? 
seven has the word even in it ... ... which is odd . 
ice skating is like walking in cursive 
mosquitoes ... god's way of making us slap ourselves ! ! 
my name is holly . what's my drunk superhero name ? alcoholly . 
i already regret my choice of julliard to win the ncaa . 
what pizza topping to koreans enjoy the most ? pupperoni 
why can't the t - rex play the piano ? cause they're dead ! 
hillary clinton ... deleted 
what is carrie fisher's favorite snack ? frito leah's 
this thread is literally cancer but just like cancer , it grows on you 
if i die , bury me with fire extinguishers . because : hell 
don't trust anybody who owns a working printer . 
can america keep it down ? canada needs to work on monday . 
what sort of cereal does thor eat ? loki charms . 
britain can now say ... . ... its pull out game is strong ! 
there was once a conservative redditor 
what's boba fett's least favorite chemical ? toluene 
why are tvs attracted to people ? because people turn them on 
surprised " too much " still isn't a serving size . 
pretty cool how money could literally solve all my problems . 
what does a ship say when it is cold ? shiver me timbers ! 
i'm naming my tv remote waldo ... ... for obvious reasons . 
how do etheopians celebrate their first birthday ? by putting flowers on the grave 
is there a stripper named " eggs over easy " yet ? 
boys at work talking sports them : what's your favorite sport me : yeah 
yo mamma's so fat ... that she takes selfies in panorama mode 
the secret to a long life avoid death 
my facial hair is italian and native american it's apache 
i stepped on a corn flake now i'm a cereal killer . 
why is everyone posting about 9 11 ? it's still 2 months away . 
why do people at home on tv have their pants on ? 
wife just texted me that she is craving thai ... i need a reply 
how do polish dogs get bumps on their heads ? chasing parked cars . 
ok but how old is your child in minutes ? 
my plan to disappoint everyone i've ever known is exceeding my expectations . 
for sale : wedding suit , worn only once by mistake . . 
what do cows read at the breakfast table ? the moospaper ! 
duck autocorrect i mean duck duck ! ! ! luck ! ! ! 
sorry i was cleaning my phone screen and accidentally took 37 selfies . 
what do you call an alligator trying to start trouble ? an instagator ! 
i , for one , is a pretty weak scrabble play . 
what's a bear's preferred weapon of choice ? a grrrrrrrrrrrnade ! 
why is hitler a terrible wingman ? because he's dead 
now i'm really glad monica chose chandler over richard . 
how did the farmer grow his portfolio ? cornstock 
what do pirates have in common with photons ? they both travel at c 
which elizabethan sailor could stop bikes ? sir francis brake ! 
i hate my step ladder for not being my real ladder . 
what do you call colorful secret police ? the rgb 
new subway slogan idea from jared 12 is the new 18 
amazon prime is probably the least threatening of all the transformers . 
do irish people make good optometrists ? eye ! 
him : i'm heading to the gym me : i'm heading to the fridge 
in hidden valley , childhood obesity is covered up in creamy ranch dressing . 
sweeping a woman off her feet is easy if you know karate 
this stupid farmers market doesn't have any locally grown pizza . 
my paper towels went missing so i hired a bounty hunter . 
what's worse than being uncomfortable at the hospital ? being made comfortable . 
life is full of people you can't have and people you don't want . 
unless you're a toddler heading towards traffic i'm not running after you . 
why did the religious person give up smoking ? because god hates fags . 
why did the cow drink his own milk ? he needed the cowlcium . 
the twilight of the german poets would be goethedammerung 
the cannibal was late to dinner he was given the cold shoulder 
what does ivanka call her lower back tattoo ? a trump stamp . 
what do call the gas you get from eating cheese ? derriere 
what famous band sleeps the least ? slipknot 
what part of the alphabet is the wettest ? h to o 
what was the statistician's favorite herb ? bayes - il 
i don't have a drinking problem , i'm very good at it 
what do you call cartoon duck sausage ? huey louie andouille . 
what do you call an american communist ? manifesto destiny 
" so how did you two meet ? " " unfortunately . " 
her : is my new concealer working ? me : who said that ? 
i made a popular girl laugh today ... by asking her out . 
what do you get if your kia is stolen in finland ? no kia 
in case nobody has facebook , it's cold outside . 
whats the hardest part of cooking a potato ? signing the legal guardian paperwork 
trust but verify . 
what's funny about majorities ? most things . 
what is the size of women in italy ? itali - cized . 
a group of mimes kidnapped me they did unspeakable things to me 
ufc 207 not the first time i've paid 60 for 48 seconds of disappointment 
stop being so long ago , 1998 . 
who is your grandma's favorite politician ? bernie sandmaster flash 
who is the lone aardvark's faithful indian companion ? tanto 
what did the boy pee say to the girl pee ? urine angel . 
if johnny has 20 and tyrone takes 16 ... what color is tyrone ? 
if twitter is a rave then facebook is a tupperware party . 
what's 1 1 ? more than one ! 
39 and 41 had a fight . 42 . ... 41 . 
what is a baby's dream job ? working at a winery . 
i'm in so much debt ... i could start a government . 
you remind me of monday ... because nobody likes you 
startling awake ... is a good way to startle a wake 
so , when does this adulthood thing start then ? 
mrw i see all this fine bros news removed 
despite the cost of living ... it still remains so popular . 
did you see the fantastic four ? human torch played by uncle ruckus . 
i hope i don't get rheumatoid arthritis . . fingers crossed . 
here is a joke ... my grades after finals 
you name it , my mother knows somebody who died of it . 
my math teacher insulted me he called me a third derivative 
any size pizza can be a personal pizza if you're depressed enough . 
always wash your clothes in tide because it's way too cold out - tide 
a las vegas joke criss angel 
in communist america banks rob you . 
the ethernet is used to catch the etherbunny . 
what's irish and sits out in the rain ? paddy o furniture 
i have a girlfriend named refrigerator she always opens up to me 
what is the national front's favorite curry ? 
what do you call someone who failed rehab ? back on crack 
the moderators of r jokes remind me of my browsing history . deleted 
i seen twins hugging i told them to get a womb 
searching for stuff on the internet when you're drunk is called beer googles . 
how do we know god's not a woman ? we're not sandwiches . 
what do you call hitler's bachelor party ? the reich - stag ! 
him : wow you're eating again ? me : wow you're celibate again ? 
why was the lawyer home early ? briefcase 
where does a 19th century russian imperialist get his coffee ? tsarbucks . 
just signed up to study abroad i heard she has absolute cans . 
your momas so fat ... you just lost the game inb4 downvotes and madfags 
two women were sitting quietly ... 
my kleptomania is getting worse i even stole this joke 
every squirrel is a flying squirrel if you've got a good throwing arm . 
i finished a sudoku today so i'm ready to do your taxes . 
my grandpa dies in a concentration camp he fell from a guard tower . 
i'm not comfortable with the fact that there's a skeleton inside me . 
free shipping should be basic human rights . 
i had a detention for only using uppercase letters today stupid capital punishment 
quietly tries to open a can of beer driving instructor : what was that 
watch out for children on the road . they're terrible drivers . 
what did jack frost say at his climax ? " winter is coming " 
what does a musician train do when running from the law ? covers tracks 
why do they call it a non - sequitur ? riot gear . 
tell me your favourite version of the aristocrats 
i'm convinced . some peoples brains are still on dial - up . 
if clinton wins the election ... there'll be another bush in the white house 
i'm surprised the sloths made it to the ark in time . 
what happens when a neckbeard takes drugs ? they start tipping balls . 
it could be the vodka talking but i used to be a potato . 
you can't cry over spilled milk but you can cry over spilled wine 
yo mama so short she poses for trophies ! 
what are an idiot's last words ? hey , watch this . 
american horror story the rise of donald trump . 
why's it called getting an abortion ... instead of razing your child ? 
i cannot take my new pet cat seriously she's always kitten around 
today has me remembering my father's last words ... be right back . 
facebook account for sale , friends included . 
what do you call an airline run by nazis ? aryan air 
i hate finals week . everyone gets testy . 
" echolocation , echolocation , echolocation ! " - dolphin realtor 
real frogs call him kermit the fraud . 
the walking dead . or better known as the running living . 
my foot wants to interact with your face . 
liam neeson is going to find that hour we lost . 
what does the kid with no legs get for christmas ? cancer . 
operation protective edge was not about wearing condoms . 
i just found the wand of transfiguration ! this changes everything ! 
the golden globes are like the oscars produced by a former soviet republic . 
a child's purpose is to help their parents relearn the states and capitals . 
autocorrect doesn't recognize my gangsta nature . 
a tanning bed is a panini grill for people . 
if i was any hungrier brad pitt and angelina jolie would adopt me . 
what beverage does bruce lee like to drink ? waa - taa ! 
i was born to be wild , but only until around 9 : 30 
you can't prove that i'm not the center of the universe . 
what does jimmy buffett's chicken say ? it's 5 o'cl uck somewhere . 
if i see another robin williams post ... i am going to kill myself 
describing guy fieri to sketch artist : literally a flaming hot cheeto 
i've never even come close to having someone at " hello " . 
spoiler alert : rice cakes do not contain any actual cake . 
what are red heads good for ? lighting fires . 
how much poutine was left after the hockey game ? nunavet 
there hasn't been a " final " fantasy 
the new and best rock band iron gaben 
what did the metric alien say ? take me to your litre ! 
what does a mon calamari terrorist say ? allahu ackbar ! 
what's it called when hobbits build houses for other hobbits ? hobbitat for humanity 
i hate two types of people ... haters and hypocrites . 
idea : pepperoni staples for when the cheese keeps sliding off your pizza 
why did the 3d modeler need back surgery ? he injured his spline ! 
the easiest way to confuse a woman is to give her a choice . 
yo mama so greasy texaco buys oil from her 
at what age are musicians the loudest ? forte 
trump for president 2016 right , guys ? 
what's made of leather and sounds like a sneeze ? a shoe . 
sorry to bodyshame , but ferrets have no business being that long 
look into a dog's eyes while it's pooping and you'll understand nietzsche . 
why can't dormant volcanoes erupt ? they have eruptile dysfunction 
true love is when your pet comes to your room on its own . 
remember to leave milk and cookies out for captain america tonight . 
what is " paulie " pennino's favorite restaurant ? red robin ... ya bum 
nobody ever sneezes in movies . 
did i already do my deja vu joke ? 
in " beantown " for the night . i expected more burritos . 
what do you call an exercise group run by jesus christ ? crossfit . 
why do artists die early in life ? too many strokes . 
what was hitler's favorite baking ingredient ? white flour ! 
* gets taste of own medicine * yep this is my medicine 
when does a tree want less ? when it's sycamore . 
cheesy joke cheddar 
superbowl champion minnesota vikings 
so there's a child and a gorilla ... well there was a gorilla . 
love many , trust few , and learn to paddle your own canoe . 
what do graphic designers smoke up to get high ? adobe . 
i've just bought an english snake . sir pent 
i'm thinking about getting a prince albert ... do you have any tips ? 
communicating with cattle by i . ken mooue 
some days you're just really stupid . 365 to be exact . 
the only thing getting in the way of my diet is food 
i like to hide condom wrappers in my married friends pockets . 
how does frodo make his own food ? through frodosynthesis 
beastiality is wrong . neigh means neigh . 
all of these time capsules i just dug up have bodies in them ? 
never trust a homeless person selling warm lemonade 
be safety conscious . 80 of people are caused by accidents . 
just because i've lost my mind doesn't mean i'm looking for it . 
counting crows goodbandnamebadfirstdate 
le new joke ? ? ? awww yehp 
croquettes are not female crocodiles 
i get myself into less trouble when i've got a character limit . 
blind kids : lady gaga looks like what a chicken sounds like . 
why aren't there any baby transformers ? because auto - bots pull out ! 
i'm constantly pretending i know what people are talking about . 
what ya doing ... your mum 
just got back from bowling ... but i'll spare you the details . 
when you get to your wit's end , you'll find god lives there . 
never laugh at your girlfriends choices ... your one of them . 
what is iron man's favorite month ? fe - bruary thanks : d 
what is isis favourite os ? windows xplosion 
is there a month between april and june ? may be 
what qualifies a woman in hollywood for disability benefits ? " a " cup 
mirror mirror on the wall ... what is my focal point ? 
what is dog x dog ? puppy dog . 
never be racist towards native americans . they will sioux you . 
what is the legendary chemical ? ho - oh hydrogen peroxide 
why isn't there mouse - flavored cat food ? 
jeb bush unanimously confirmed by senate for secretary of low energy . 
birth control it's like direct deposit without the interest 
what did they call the sugar that went to space ? intergalactose 
what stops your hair from falling ? the floor 
facebook : losing friends . twitter : gaining friends instagram : gaining weight 
how did the jury find the hamburger ? grill - ty as charred ! 
what happened to donald trump when he visited switzerland ? he felt the bern 
what was the hackers rehabilitation meeting called ? anonymous anonymous 
green eggs and 9 11 saddrseuss 
roses are red violets are take your clothes off 
what does a panda say when it's out of food ? chute 
cheese shop exploded thankfully i was only hit by da brie 
yo mama so short she does backflips under the bed . 
does anyone ever spiral into control ? 
what is springy and springy ? the easter bunny 
i'm not racist or anything but all canadian geese look alike . 
how to tell if someone has rhotacism ? ask them to pronounce it . 
what does a gamer call the zombie apocalypse ? the end of dayz 
what is french super mario's favorite board game ? le ouija 
remember duck tape turns no no no ... in to mmm mmm mmm 
what sea mammal controls nazi germany ? adolf - in 
noble gases are safe from the fine brothers . they never react . 
what's a pirate comedian's favorite reddit ? aaaarrrrrrrr jokes 
i have a punjabi friend he singhs very well 
i'm starting to think that y2k thing was just nothing to worry about . 
i've decided i'm selling my vacuum cleaner it's just here gathering dust 
why is batman undefeatable ? because he was coached by liam neeson . 
what kind of railway is an italian engineer's favourite ? funicula 
have you heard about the kidnapper ? he's really got away with kids . 
i started crossfit yesterday and my throat is killing me 
what's the name of jackie chan's catholic brother ? chris chan 
tifu ... i could've had a v8 
nobody's abs are good enough to convince anyone to move to iowa . 
definition of 1ply toilet paper . finding your inner self . 
knock knock whos there ? g . i joe ! ! ! 
what's the donald's favourite keyboard shortcut ? command alt right . 
occupation : the family disappointment 
why you need insurance by justin case 
dentist lion 
the fine bros . get it ? 
once got sent to bird prison by confused air marshals 
what aftershave do monsters wear ? brute . 
what is my dentist's favorite indie band ? fluoride and the machine 
i think that's enough coffee . i can hear my cells dividing . 
nobody goes to that restaurant anymore . it's too crowded . 
it's ok , batteries ... no one includes me either . 
what did the dentist see at the north pole ? ... a molar bear 
how do you get pikachu onto a bus you pokemon 
we burried my grandmother last week ... so she's probably dead by now . 
what do you call an attractive primate corpse in saudi arabia ? haram bae 
what did the nihilist wish for on his birthday ? 
whats a vegetables favorite bee gee song ? chive talkin 
i bumped into my rival jousting opponent . we exchanged lances . 
does " fear of commitment " count towards a handicap parking space ? ? 
what's got 8 feet and 10 shoes ? the mccann family . 
brain : no heart : yes foot : don't ask me i'm a foot 
batman opened a restaurant ... but he's serving just desserts . 
where's the most racist place to focus one's thoughts ? inward 
why shoudn't you play poker in africa ? because of all the cheetahs ! 
there is only one house song . it's 38 , 000 minutes long . 
where is the most open green space in new york city ? central pork 
a brazilian got the first gold medal the police are already after him . 
what's the best part of domestic violence jokes ? the punchline 
what does a fastidious female call a condom ? goo - be - gone 
what part of america can't sell full sized soft drinks ? minnesota 
girl , are you an itt tech degree ? because you're worthless . 
alcohol not only expands the blood vessels but also communications . 
dads are like boomerangs i hope . 
best joke in league of league ? na teams 
if nothing lasts forever , will you be my nothing ? 
my iq ? with google or without ? 
to quote balltaire , " do not wax there ! " 
what is the difference between quarter and the eighth . 50 bucks 
what's the most googled word in mozilla firefox ? chrome . 
what did hitler's personal trainer keep reminding him to do ? " exheil " 
wanna hear three rapid jokes ? no . 
autocorrect : can't live with it , can't live meow it . 
trump isn't the scariest president . that rushmore guy had four heads ... 
why don't people win the lotto because the nsa runs it 
is there a punchline to this chemistry joke ? nobelium 
what would romantic living dead movie be called ? zombaes 
oh hey , i see you touched your computer again . - adobe updater 
what is the bird synonymous with abstinence the swallow 
what do you call someone without any shins ? toeknee . 
worst joke why did hitler open the window ? to let fresh aryan 
nobody likes you " 100 calorie packs . " nobody . 
wanna go to copenhagen ? amsterdam sure 
you know what my new year's resolution is ? 1680x1050 
women say they love nerds until you whip out your pokemon cards . 
did you hear about the popular underwear campaign ? it was briefly successful 
the most popular letter used in every dank meme post . . aaaaaaa lmao 
bill gates is a good rapper . word . 
whats in the middle of girl's leg ? and the answer is , knee 
name the pig's favorite shakespeare play . hamlet . 
i hate it when people don't close parentheses . they're brackets by the way 
how do you feel if subjected to temperatures of absolute zero ? 0k 
* getting murdered * omg i have the exact same knives 
jokels : it's a simple joke website . http : jokels . com 
monsters won't stop chasing me . i don't wanna play today dammit ! 
what kind of dog should you get a spanish speaker ? a spaniel . 
i have a phobia of over engineered buildings it's a complex complex complex . 
why didn't barbie get pregnant ? because ken came in another box ! 
come to crab's joe shack we have stu . 
mexico's prison system 
clever life is a joke . : p 
with oil prices falling ... burning the midnight oil just got cheaper . 
why does japan love obama ? he is first barack president . 
what secret society do strippers work for ? the illuminaughty . 
the trampoline used to be called a jumpoline until your mum jumped on it 
i don't like working at the irs it's incredibly taxing 
what do snakes take for their sniffles ? antihissssstamines ! 
" you can't teach a dog new tricks . " - bad dog trainer 
what do you call someone who reads in the sun ? well red . 
what's the name of tyler the creator's dad ? the tyler creator 
what's the most influental animal rights philosopher ? karl barx 
what does little finger call the entrance to his brothel ? hodor . 
in my experience , all edible underwear just ends up being crotchless . 
who decided to call them " children " , and not snot machines . 
a german bakers was robbed ... apparently everything was stollen . 
nobody wanted to see the naked banana . . . it just lacked appeal 
i'm lactose intolerant , which means i rarely find missing children . 
what is a vajazzle made of ? pubic zirconia . 
saudi arabia chosen to head key un human rights panel joke is un . 
what does hitler hate about leg day ? mein krampf 
sometimes i find it hard to express myself because fedex hears me breathing . 
why did the vampire pull out ? he needed permission to come inside . 
what do you call jeans that haven't been worn before ? vir - jeans 
chuck norris has a roundhouse - kick app for his iphone 8 . 0 
where do cows go on saturday nights ? the slaughter house 
poland started world war 2 like iraq was responsible for 9 11 
cool things always happen when i don't have a camera . 
how's your mom's cherry pie taste ? meh . . it's oedipal 
tibet and tiwan rejoice ! oh , nevermind . wrong chyna . 
what religious group does reddit belong in ? cat holics 
i'm just one more bad decision away from my own reality show . 
in canada alcoholics go to eheh meetings . 
loooooser i am a looser . really you are ? 
why do women live longer than men ? they're not married to women . 
just when you thought 2016 was over . wham . 
do you not like undertale ? then you must be under the crowd ! 
wanna hear a joke about an unsharpened pencil ? nevermind , there's no point 
what do you find between godzilla's toes ? slow runners . 
you got the whitest teeth ever come across . 
what goes great with alphabet soup ? times new ramen 
the difference between 4chan and reddit . http : www . wwwdotcom . com 
you should need a license to be that ugly . 
where did nicholas ii of russia get his coffee ? tsarbucks . 
top 4 adult jokes year 2008 
carpenters are only in it for them shelves . 
punctuation is important ... a missed period should always raise alarm . 
amber alert , but for the tv remote 
the doctor told me to stay positive i have hiv 
what kind of education does a horny mathematician impart ? sets education . 
how does albus get into hogwarts ? through the dumble - door 
female ghostbusters ? what about male charlie's angels ? 
who decided that we should sit together in groups while we chew food ? 
i secretly love men from scotland ... it's my kilty pleasure . 
why do native americans have such good hearing ? they have engineers 
love your friends , crop dust your enemies in a crowded elevator . 
when it comes to discipline , i think i lack concentration camp . 
i guess fifa had to pee cause they couldn't hold their blatter anymore . 
first review in for " the force awakens " absolutely to die for 
i always have too much month left at the end of my money . 
why couldn't harry play basketball ? because he's got no arms . 
how many moles are in a guacamole ? avacado's number . 
this must be the 8th castle because i just found my princess . 
just failed my theory test . apparently female drivers aren't a hazard . 
accidentally called out my dentist's name during my colonoscopy 
what did the scientologist play on his wii ? xenublade 
every 3 hours you know what screw it jm going to treat myself 
how did the janitor get rich ? sweepstakes . 
a long one . ___ 
i'm one more weekend on the couch away from being a throw pillow . 
most useless fish . mermaid 
do it for the vine https : vine . co v eu9mokjaiyi 
cupping ? isn't that what tween girls do to fatten their lips ? olympics2016 
what do you call chocolate eggnog ? nignog . eh ? i laughed . 
damn girl are you my dad ? because you're not there 
where does the dentist get his gas ? ... at the filling station 
does anyone know of any rappers who are proud of their hometowns ? 
when i die i want written on my tombstone " finally offline " . 
i used to work in mysterious ways . now i just don't work . 
so many good trailers so few good movies . 
new funny jokes " " : d 2 ! ! . . : d 
my shoes were meant for each other they're sole - mates 
spoilers ian mcshane in got i guess that makes him deadwood . 
faces you make on the toilet lol o_o _ 0_0 _ 
i'll drink responsibly when there is a brand of vodka named responsibly 
newsflash , new zealand ! you're not that new ! 
russian jokes time 
i made a ntp joke once the timing was perfect . 
i leant my ferrari to my friend carlos and never got it back . 
the greatest trick the devil ever pulled was getting me to date her . 
there's good climate in heaven , but a better company in hell . 
when jedi characters get divorced do they call it deforced ? 
unix is so disorganized there's a cat in the man pages . 
what type of tree hates company ? sycamore trees ! 
removed my spanx slip and accidentally ricocheted myself into the neighbors backyard . 
the best part of vacation is not having to brush your teeth ! 
captain hook's girlfriend breaking up with him it's not you , it's smee . 
what was boaz like before he got married ? ruthless . 
what's a sick persons favourite rhythm game ? catarrh hero 
i knew you were trouble when you said you didn't drink . 
when do cannibals cook you ? on fried - days . 
what's the worst kind of t - shirt ? a casual tee . 
what do fish talk about at work ? current events 
i imagine the hardest part of becoming a supervillain is getting your doctorate . 
what city will leo dicaprio never visit ? osaka . 
summer body wasn't ready . . but winter body is good to go ! 
hey girl wanna party like it's 1982 ? 
there were so many vampires at my halloween party i lost count . 
why do i always say yes to everything ? i just don't no . 
request - lawyer jokes 
why is 2 phosphorus oxygen carbon the greatest rapper from the elements ? 2poc 
where does a guru get his sandwiches ? new delhi 
i'm not racist i don't even separate my laundry 
why did candycain go to jail ? because he killed candy - abel 
i childproofed the house ... but they still get in ! 
i thinks it cool when x girlfriend becomes xl girldfriend . 
what goes in god's toilet ? holy crap . 
who's the fax machine player in skrillex ? 
snow's so racist . 
what goes blonde brunette blonde brunette ? a blonde doing cartwheels . 
you're the unreachable booger of people . 
when abroad , james bond is known as 44 07 . 
2016 was so divisive . it just had too many factors . 
what does a cow measure its harddrive in ? moogabytes 
what makes you think this is my first time ? 
i fell off a 40 foot ladder luckily it was the first step 
gillette researchers are really the best they got some cutting edge technology 
what streaming site do eldritch horrors use ? cth - hulu 
lactose intolerance stems from lactose ignorance 
what do comic book collectors use in their hair ? mint conditioner . 
chuck norris doesn't breathe , he holds air hostage 
jokes on me - said djoke's girlfriend . 
why a pirate could not spell iris ? he had only one i 
when a topologist drops acid ... ... is it called a mobius trip ? 
i'm not going to sugar coat this - you have diabetes 
if my friends circle was a pizza ... ... i would be the crust 
awful tragedy happens me rolling up sleeves : time to be an idiot online 
what do mathematics and environmental beat mixers have in common ? al gore rythyms 
beyonce didn't almost fall everyone else just messed up 
you're going to regret thinking of this . game ! 
why did the little boy use his inhaler ? " no wheezin " 
i'm sorry and i apologize generally mean the same thing except at funerals 
why is craving karma points ironic ? because it's pointless . 
my grandma once told me ... that she is a virgin 
what's dry but slippery ? a slipper 
" nothing there ? better bark at it . " - a dog 
why does godzilla go to temple ? because he's a kaiju 
well , palm sunday was a lot more fun than closed - fist monday 
what do the leaders of isis drink after a victory ? bombay . 
long story short , hitler beat me up and has my time machine . 
today's favorited tweet is tomorrow's facebook update . 
the world record for enjoying jazz is 48 seconds . 
are people with ocd upset that those letters aren't in alphabetical order ? 
here's my bruce jenner joke i made a joke 
which football team to you need to connect up your computer ? leeds . 
what's an amphibian's favorite musician ? john frogerty 
what does bob marley wear to sleep ? pa - jammins 
the trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate it . 
i found a place where recycling rate is 98 reddit . 
why wasn't the droid hungry ? because bb8 
a good date ends with dinner . an excellent date ends with breakfast . 
how to tell if your girlfriend is secretly a minivan 
what do you call a russian lizard ? commie commie commie commie chameleon . 
why do the english drink warm beer ? lucas refrigerators . 
went to syria last month . . had a blast . 
i fell in love with a cannibal and then she stole my heart 
chuck norris got bored of life , so he invented ebola . 
what was the lonely chemist looking for ? agf 
actions speak louder than facebook posts ... 
what do you say after you read a book ? reddit ! 
in n out describes my visit to the vatican city 
" the first million is the hardest " - adolf hitler 
i got an oven today . it's pretty hot , isn't it ? 
i never touch baby carrots because i'm afraid the mother will reject them . 
morgan freeman narrating my life " he's still sleeping . " 
what's a camel ? a horse made by committee . 
we've all been talking about your paranoia . 
a headbanger guitar is best made of heavy metal 
the only bad thing about most people is having to interact with them . 
what do you call central florida ? the dmz . disney militarized zone . 
i'm not desperate because i'm single , i'm single because i'm not desperate . 
what do you call someone without arms or legs matt 
no one puts baby in the corner : a feng shui guide to nurseries 
i gave her my heart but what she really needed was kidney transplant ... 
what kind of cows do you find in alaska ? eski - moos ! 
how would you describe the typical inuit mathematician ? cold and calculating . 
why shouldn't you wear loose fitting shorts when visiting ukraine ? because chernobyl fallout 
nice weather guys , lets have the internet outside today ... 
how does jerry seinfeld play ice hockey ? with his shtick . 
whoever invented the carpet sweeper probably died laughing . 
how does a one armed man row a boat ? in a circle . 
christians rethink your religion because jesus had 2 dads . 
did you hear about the racist dolphin waiter ? he serves no porpoise . 
what do you call an italian without arms a speech impediment ! 
what does a polish guy do on the ice ? he breaks in . 
how much longer until we can get pets that are also wifi hotspots ? 
i requested a wish that money can't buy . mh370 
people who don't wash their hands make me sick . 
i had no idea she was allergic to rat poison your honor 
a legume broke out of prison today police are looking for the escapea . 
why did the guitar shop fail a fire safety inspection ? no stairway . 
two australians playing chess in a restaurant check , mate * everyone explodes * 
yo i am bored 
what was albert einsteins dj name ? mc squared 
soccer manager fired for mistake " whoops wrong sub " - manager 
what's the saddest sea - creature ? abalonely 
there's nothing funnier than a grown man aggressively dancing at somebody . 
straight outta compton spoiler eazy - e dies 
why was the glow worm unhappy ? because her children weren't that bright ! 
why did everyone love the fisherman ? he was a real catch 
special olympics joke 0 upvotes cause no one cares about special olympics 
i am ahmed mohamed ama ! wow that blew up fast ! 
hear about the lady who backed into a fan ? disaster 
how would you rate usa and saudi arabia's relationship ? 9 11 
what did the broken bridge say ? i have truss issues . 
my apathy is at an all time whatever . 
i got an electric shock yesterday . i couldn't resist it 
here's a good joke ... swag 
goldilocks was killed last night the murderers did it with their own bear hands 
why don't skeletons play music in church ? because they got no organs . 
weird is a side effect of awesome . 
the 7 drug habits of high , ineffective people 
why can't michael j . fox draw a perfect circle ? nobody can . 
i lost two bagels on a public bathroom floor . now they're pissed . 
what goes great with noodles ? company ! 
i opened the microwave without knocking and caught my hot dogs touching tips . 
someone wake up that guy from green day . 
where does a burger feel at home ? on the range ! 
i totally get your eyebrows . my bank account is overdrawn , too . 
pro tip : i'm not a pro . don't listen to my tips . 
i find it hard to dress casually . i always get emotionally involved . 
the flat earth society no further comments needed . 
you say potato , i say get the hell out of my bathroom 
who discovered victoria falls ? whoever tripped her . 
who knows how to sing mariah carey songs ? not mariah carey 
fat girls just want to have funyuns . 
" ummmm ... " - rope , while being tied into a noose 
read at own risk 
being left - handed is unacceptable . it's just not right ... . 
what does a cyborg order at a diner ? a cyborger 
caitlyn jenner has been charged with manslaughter ... bruce is dead . 
i never get invited to search parties . 
what do spies say in bed ? shh i'm undercovers 
call me marquis de sade cause i'm a smooth operator 
i'm writing a book called stop overreacting . but maybe i'm overreacting . 
what kind of tableware do gym trainers use ? pilates 
my family tree is a cactus , we're all pricks . 
why did the farmer feed his cows money ? he wanted rich milk . 
what's grey ? a melted penguin ! 
got my dad today nope nevermind , he ran away again 
i wonder if they have wifi in hell ... 
what famous pig actor made a movie about frankenswine ? boaris karloff . 
cat puns freak meowt 
why was les miserable ? he was french . 
where do isis fighters go to purchase soda and candy ? allahu snackbar ! 
humpty dumpty sat on a wall ... and smoked a joint 
it's cultural appropriation day . . o wait the irish aren't pussies . 
why do peasants watch the weather channel ? to get the serf report 
the blind soccer world cup ... ... where there's no eye in team 
eating ice cream after working out so my body knows who's in charge 
help ! i can't post anything on reddit ! pls help ! 
number of ways to start a terrorist attack : 321 boom ! 
sometimes i wish i was like my calendar , it always has dates . 
unfortunately miley cyrus broke up with her boyfriend it didn't twerk out 
what do you call an old film composer ? hans zimmer - frame 
i work as a dishwasher , its a pretty dishgusting job . 
my cell - mate had nick name for me ... mitochondria . 
what's a bear without an ear ? a b 
just 90's kids things 40 years later good cartoons and good eyesight 
i'd rather break your headboard than your heart . 
i have failed math eleventeen times or so . 
my favorite thing about germany the children are kinder 
i watched a bunch of people build a ship ... it was riveting . 
the surprise in the cracker jacks box is diabetes . 
the unemployed engineer 
ugh , i hate social media . please validate this opinion via social media 
what's a knife's favorite dessert ? slice cream . 
why did hillary clinton cross the road ? probably offensive 9 11 
95 of dentists recommend teeth . 
what do you call a scale that always resets itself to zero ? tareable 
how did the hispanic secret agent introduce himself ? bondo . jaime bondo . 
my wife and i have been happily married for two years . 1997 2004 
hypnotist error 
a bot walks into a sub and orders a rum and coke ... removed 
women who seek to be equal to men ... lack ambition ! 
i am giving up eating red meats . i'm going cold turkey . 
i'm going to go on a brexit diet the pounds will drop fast . 
why doesn't superman need a boss ? oc he already has supervision . 
how much do cosmetics sell for ? face value . 
why do spiders hate area 51 ? it's a no - fly zone . 
what do geeks and nerds love but cant have ? 80085 
purell is 99 . 8 effective in reminding you about your paper cut . 
why does acdc prefer android to apple ? she's got the jack 
what did yoda say to a golfer may the course be with you 
12 signs you might have leprosy - number 8 is jaw - dropping ! 
my love life is like magic ... because it dosen't exist 
does at t allow phone calls on their network ? anyone know ? 
self esteem so low , you crop yourself out of your selfie . 
i don't like holocaust jokes . anne frankly you shouldn't either . 
why don't women like to wear dresses in the winter ? chapped lips 
marijuana may cause paranoia but so does watching cnn . 
what do you call mussolini's flying saucer ? a dictator ship . 
if i get married all my bridesmaids are going to be bats 
never do card tricks for the group you play poker with . 
" not again " me , waking up every morning . . 
world's shortest mathematical joke let 0 
i've got a runny nose . edit : thanks for the cold ! 
lobsters gonna lobst . 
i hate simpsons posts ! because i am a family guy . 
if our feet had mouths then they'd be walkie talkies . 
sometimes pretending to be busy takes more effort than being busy . 
white people dance like they have an invisible hula hoop around their waist . 
apparently this walmart cashier only brushes her favorite teeth . 
porsche did 911 
bruce willis is never content with how hard he dies . 
" i'd do anthony for you " - worst autocorrect fail by me 
seven days on a honeymoon make one hole weak 
a missing joke if found please pm me . 
life it's all about finding the next good time . 
never underestimate a woman sitting quietly in a corner sharpening a knife . 
i haven't showered since last year . it's still 2014 , right ? 
pigs can fly ... they just gotta pay for two seats . 
yeah , you like getting choked don't you ! ? oops wrong sub ... 
have you heard about those guys at isis ? they're on fire ! 
my grandma can't wrestle but you should see her box . 
relationships are easier if one of you is a cake . 
i run faster horny than you do scared . 
why do congressmen make terrible cashiers ? they're all too afraid of change . 
i just had a baby ! it was delicious . 
paralegal activity . boringhorrormovies 
5 out of 4 people don't get jokes about fractions . 
i got banned from r eli5 the other day i don't understand why 
promoting religious concepts is a sin 
love songs are liars . 
why don't dinosaurs take ballet lessons ? they outgrew their leotards . 
what do you call a fresh creme pie ? creme fraiche 
the walking dead is jesus's favorite show . 
what's a transgender's fabourite pokemon ? unknown 
why was the cake lonely ? because he was deserted by his friends 
two envelopes had a baby it was male 
maybe the back door is the wrong door . - hillary clinton 
why do eskimos wash their clothes in tide ? because it's too cold outtide 
i'm a real renaissance woman riddled with plague 
what do you call a serbian national hero ? a war criminal 
movie theater employees have 2 ages : 17 104 
take revenge , crap on a pigeon . 
what is imperator furiosa's least favorite type of ice cream ? rocky road . 
do you know why the cybermen are the best doctor who characters ? deleted 
how can penn state fix their problem rebrand themselves as the catholic church . 
where do electricians get supplies ? the ohm depot . 
i've probably spent a solid year of my life just staring into the refrigerator 
how come know - it - alls don't know how annoying they are ? 
no one gave an f about his chicken when he was lieutenant sanders 
what do you do when a woman serves you bad sushi ? sue she 
what happens when a guy with no legs dies ? he punches the bucket 
after 30 years of shopping , my wife still has nothing to wear . 
i will convert to your religion if it makes this rash go away . 
do you know the best way to cook lamb ? well done ewe . 
why don't you tell us what's really wrong , loud sneezers ? 
why do zoos pay for simian liability insurance ? to avoid monkey suits 
your proctologist called . he found your head . 
i tried to read a book about illiteracy once couldn't understand any of it 
how do you use calculus in real life ? you integrate it 
what do you call your grandma on speed dial ? instragram ! 
what did the nihilist whisper into his lover's ear ? sweet nothings . 
don't walk through a field of mushrooms it's quite a tripping hazard . 
scientists are now saying they may never discover what linkedin is for . 
text your friends but leave voicemails for your enemies . 
i sprinkled viagra in my eyes today ... now i look hard . 
what do they call an affair with a psychiatrist ? a psychiatric tryst . 
mom stop licking your finger to clean my face i'm in a gang now 
she wants the d director's cut 
why doesn't anybody like feminist picnics ? because they never have any sandwiches . 
my tv thinks it's a kangaroo ... it just won't stop channel hopping . 
what do you call a dog with lice in china ? full course dinner 
what's the difference between a bum and a crust punk patches d 
that awkward moment when you accept a compliment that wasn't meant for you . 
it's a real shame friday doesn't come as quick as i do 
saw this on a shirt silence is golden : duct tape is silver 
how many wife's does a catholic priest allowed to have ? nun 
what's the best part of a race riot all of the free sports jerseys 
you know what's the biggest turn off for me ? consent . 
there are two things i don't like about you your chin . 
how does twitch streaming site chat make money ? kappatalism ! 
what dog do other dogs tell their problems to ? a complaint bernard ! 
i'm even late for work when i work from home 
my cross fit application was was rejected bad form 
x is an independent variable that don't need no y . 
why was the racehorse named bad news ? because bad news travels fast ! 
why did the dad make the joke ? for the pun of it . 
you know why half a joke isn't funny ? 
any ship can be a minesweeper once ... 
where do you get a drink on excel ? ... . formula bar 
how do depressed people lighten up ? they drink bleach . 
ever hear about the worst international trade deal ever ? it was tarifful ... 
out of my mind . back in five minutes . 
what roman dictator suffered from epilepsy ? julius seizure . 
what hood was the swedish cholo from ? stockholmes ! 
i bet today is the most confusing day in harlem ! 
what's a space pirate's favorite planet ? marrrs ! 
what was left after the explosion at a french cheese factory des brie 
god creating hairless cats how about some foreskin with night vision . 
do you think you'd make a good sniper ? yes no 
when bae starts to age ... she turns beige . 
which drink makes a gorilla feel tipsy ? an ape - ricot sour ! 
what is irony ? irony is when something has the chemical symbol fe . 
they call me moses . cause i parted that red sea last night . 
why is unemployment rising in jamaica ? because they're jahbless ! 
i went to a nautica outlet store they had sails on everything 
why aren't marriage prevention hotlines a thing ? 
there's a new type of broom out , it's sweeping the nation . 
colorblind people are wondering why everyone on facebook is celebrating fifty shades of grey 
what is successful but always beat ? rihanna 
statistics . studies show that almost 213 of statistics are inaccurate . 
there are two kinds of numbers ... rational numbers and woman numbers . 
i heard someone proposed a tupac movie . but it was shot down . 
follow your dreams , into traffic . 
if you play jazz backwards , you get slightly better jazz . 
my friend composes lyrics about sewing machines . she's a singer songwriter . 
what type of weed does a reptile smoke ? mariiguana 
what's a politicians favorite kind of dance move ? poll dancing ! 
how do hobbit flowers grow ? through frodo - synthesis . 
free will is good , but free pizza is better . 
what did the blue crab call his ex girlfriend ? old bay 
what is mike tyson's favorite song ? down with the thickness . 
it's like nobody ever considers the consequences of getting to know me . 
huge bowls of cereal are the parentheses to my night's sleep . 
what's the leading cause of obesity in women ? wedding rings 
what do bunnies do when they get married ? go on a bunnymoon 
satan's not all bad . he's an equal opportunity employer . 
what's the right age to tell your kids canada isn't real ? 
lots of road accidents are caused by bad weather it snow joke 
i have no patience but that's mostly because i'm not a doctor . 
where do you hide an airport ? in plane sight ! 
what is every bodybuilder's favorite city ? gainsboro . 
i'm a real gym rat i go there at night and eat their garbage 
what would jesus do ? today , take mary out to olive garden . 
why does bill clinton wear underwear ? to keep his ankles warm . 
i would be morbidly obese if food for thought was an actual thing . 
what kind of pictures does a mermaid take on her phone ? shelfies . 
why couldnt the laptop see ? cause it was sodimm 
if you sit beside me , you're part of my drumkit . 
everyone is normal until you find their twitter . 
went to see the new " pixels " movie but the resolution was bad 
the real reason reddit is so popular is ... copy paste clickbait 
how do memes go to the proms ? in a lmaosine 
why i don't like people : 1 logical reasons . 99 just because . 
what do you get when one rapper eats another ? food chainzzz ! ! 
oh i thought it was wait 30 years after eating before you exercise . 
i never drop names but i frequently drop babies . 
i tried to do standup once they told me to sit back down 
my printer just woke from sleep mode with a huge toner . 
what do cannibals get when they are late for dinner ? the cold shoulder 
what do you call harrison ford making a venn diagram ? comparrison ford ! 
who punishes colorado underage smokers ? copd 
why doesn't humpty dumpty believe in anything ? because he's an eggnostic ! 
stop making fun of the fat girl shes thick and tired of it . 
what do they use to pay for things in the vatican ? paypal 
how do you study for a prostate exam ? by cramming . 
i have information that will lead to hillary clinton's arrest . deleted 
thanks phone , for being strong every time i dropped you . 
what did the apple tell the annoying orange ? citrus down . 
a frog parked his car in the handicapped spot . it got toad . 
how do you greet a racist murderer ? good morning officer . 
what gives you uncontrollable gas ? nazis 
a guy's ego . 
i imagine christmas morning at the schrodinger house is quite stressful . 
who was the nose's favorite christian mystic ? nostrildamus 
what will be served at trump's inagural dinner ? crackers . 
what are the two best arguments against democracy ? donald trump amp hillary clinton 
the door is not ajar . it's a door , silly ! 
what is germany's favorite game ? mein kampf 
whiteboards are just the best in fact , they're remarkable 
she like a man in uniform so the mcdonalds outfit here 2 stay 
what do beef hearts smell like ? honey . 
romantic remembrance by valentine card 
sadly , the days of people using proper english are went . 
i bought a smart tv it doesn't show trump 
calling someone average is mean but i think they are the mean 
old enough to know better , but still too drunk to care . 
obamacare . 
how did people know patrick stewart was crying ? because he bawled . 
all conclusions should be drawn in crayon . 
i wanna rock with you , but not all night . that's unrealistic . 
why do clumsy farmers make awesome dj's ? cause they're always dropping beets 
did you hear the miami heat's new theme song ? it's absolute fire 
i cracked a beer at 9 : 11 this morning ... too soon ? 
how much deeper would the ocean be without sponges ? 
why is it called big bang ? baby universe was born . 
what does a dog from minnesota say ? woof da . 
why do cannibals never go hungry ? because they can make themselves dinner . 
twitter should send notifications when you're about to get fired and divorced . 
where do volcanoes go to relieve themselves ? the lavatory , of course ! 
a chihuahua is just a barking cat . 
do dolphins have tattoos of single mothers on their arses ? 
why do so many people in the south get married ? free shotgun 
is actually feeling pretty okay about not accomplishing anything this year . 
i had diarrhea and had some jalapeno sauce that came out badly 
how did the elephant get out of the river ? wet 
how is medusa like weed ? she makes people stoned . 
your make - up application says " i failed clown college " . 
a tax collector dies and goes to heaven 
why is chess confusing in australia ? " that's check , mate . " 
evolution : true science fiction . 
pix and misc - teacher win pic 
how does a virgin pop her cherry ? by using a bottle opener 
sometimes i just wish people were as easy to forget as pin numbers . 
what's something a kangaroo has that no other animal has ? baby kangaroos . 
you're either a dog person or a non person . 
what does an amoeba call its friend ? cell mate . 
can someone just invent a mirror that takes pictures already ! 
long , satanic walks on the beach . 
what game do monsters play with humans ? squash . 
every time a famous music composer dies ... ... he starts decomposing . 
no pants were worn during the making of this tweet . 
why are toilet tasks called one and two ? because two rhymes with poo 
i don't need a panic room i can panic perfectly fine anywhere . 
which art piece won the texas muhammad cartoon contest ? two chalk outlines . 
who's the opposite of willem dafoe ? willem dafriend . 
* adds lol to the end of a message to sound less mean * 
dyk mozart never suffered from stress he always kept his composer . 
what is the most popular social media form at hogwarts ? snapechat 
strap - on backwards spells no - parts . 
two word joke dwarf shortage 
what do you call a vietcong that's been hit by napalm ? charlie brown 
crabs are amazing collectivistic creatures they only use pubic transportation . 
omg ! it's colder than a pimps heart out here ! 
canada's navy 
i used to have a friend who practiced acupuncture . 
my friend gave me a free dvd ... but it's only chinatown . 
i'm not racist , but ... gt deleted 
grammar nazis see things only two ways the reich way or the wrong way 
malaysia has some of the world's best magicians they make entire planes disappear . 
money doesn't grow on trees . your move , multinational agricultural biotechnology corporations . 
what is her majesty the queen's console of choice ? the royal wii . 
what do you call a kryptonian who loves popcorn ? kern - el 
have you ever imagined a world with no hypothetical situations ? 
whenever i confront the messy baker i'm always walking on eggshells . 
broke up with my blind girlfriend she didn't see it coming 
